






































Somerset County historical quarterly


4-0 Somerset County Historical Quarterly

position of the Editor of the Quarterly. Another copy is in the pos-

session of the Holland Society of New York City. The Wyckoff record

the Editor expects to copy with care and then compare with the original

record, to make sure there are no omissions, and to try to verify the

peculiar spellings (not always certain), and in this will have the

cheerful and valued co-operation of the present pastor of the church,

Rev. Wra. Stockton Cranmer, D. D. An exact chronological order will

be followed. In the original the child's name appears first and then the

parents, but, for purposes of reference, the parents are now printed first,

and then the name of the child.

Until about 1727 the sponsors, or witnesses, to baptisms were gener-

ally noted in the baptismal book, and, as these are important, often show-
ing family relationships and giving names not appearing elsewhere, they

will be included in the published record. After 1727 the names of wit-

nesses appear only at infrequent intervals.

It should be noted by those who refer to the records as now printed

that surnames ending in se or sen were so written, indifferently, and
sometimes s only with or without a flourish after it ; as an example in

the latter case, Cornells Powels for Cornelis Powelsen. Also that the

relationship of the sponsors is often uncertain, even when the word "vrou"

(wife) appears followed by another surname. For example, "Johannes

Sebrige and vrou Merledt." This may mean Sebrige's wife was a Mer-
ledt, or it may mean the wife of a Merledt was the second witness. We
do not undertake in such cases to go beyond the record, but shall give

them as written, so far as possible.

Baptismal Records From 1699
1699.

Mar. 8. Van Neste, Hironimus and Neeltie Van Neste—Judith.

Witnesses : Cars. Vroom and wife.

Thuenissen, Cornelis and Neeltien—Abraham.
Witness : Michiel Hansson and .

Van Neste, Piter and wife—Jaquemina.
Witnesses : Derek Middage and wife.

May 6. Aallyn, Andrias and Meery—Amarias, Milleson, Obillom,
Marsie.

Sept. 19. Van Vechten, Michiell and wife—Dirck.
Witnesses : Jan and Kataleyne Thuenissen.

Gerritse, Fredrick and wife—Jan.

Thuenissen, Jan and wife—Abraham.
Witnesses: Cornelis Thuenisse and wife.

Woertman, Jan and wife—Lisebet.

Witnesses: Michiel Van Vechten and wife.

1700.

Apr. 30. Vroom, Cors and wife—Hendrick.
Witnesses : Jacob Sebrege and wife.



First Reformed Church, Raritan (SomervUle) Baptisms 41

Sept. 26.

1701.
Mar 11.

June 11.

Nov. 18.

1702.
Apr. 21.

Oct. 27.

1/03-
Mar. 23.

June 30.

Oct. 19.

Middage, Derek and wife—Piter.

Witnesses: Isack Bodyn and wife.
Thuenissen, Cornelis and wife—Abraham.

Witness : Jan Thuenissen.
Alleyn, Ameries and wife—Thammes.

Van Xeste, Piter and wife—Jan.

Witnesses : Isack Bodyn and wife.
Van Xeste, Hironimus and wife—Catleyntie.

Witnesses: Joris and Rutryntisf ?) Van Neste.
Van Yechten, Michiel and wife—Jantien.

Witnesses : Piter De Mondt and wife.

Drinckwater, Eedvbert and wife—Sara and Lisebedt.
Witnesses: Jan Thuenissen and wife; Jan Otinan and wife.

Monwersen, Monwers and wife—Fredrick.
Witnesses : Piter Van Neste, Enyeltie .

Vroom, Cors and Catryn—Jan.
Witnesses : Jeronimas Van Xeste and wife.

Jansen, Auken and wife—Barber.
Witnesses : Jan Sebrege and wife.

Van Xeste, Joris and wife—Jantien.
Witnesses: Hendrick Reyniersen and wife.

Daniels, Johannes and wife—Pouvbell( ?).

Witnesses: Michiel Van Vechten and wife.

Lebersten, Gabriell—Piter.

Sebrege, Johannes and wife—Jaentien.
Witnesses: Jan Roelfsen and wife.

Middage, Derek and wife—Derek.
Witnesses: Jacob Sebrige and wife.

Possell, Thomas and wife—Elisabedt.
Witnesses : Piter and Judit Van Xeste.

Van Xeste, Piter and wife—Joris.

Witnesses: Joris Van Neste and wife; Edvbert Garrell
and wife.

Drinckwater, Eedwert and wife—Hester.
Witnesses : Joost Jansen, Maria Sebrege.

Pouwelsen, Cornelis and wife—Elisabet.

Witnesses: Cornelis Thuenissen and wife.
Woertman, Jan and wife—Jan.

Witnesses: Ffanse Ffoverden and wife.
Bodyn, Isack and wife—Jan.

Witnesses: Piter Van Xeste and wife.
Koelie, Aerte and Susan—Jacob.

Witnesses : Josias Merlet. Susanna Morises.
Hendricksn, Folkert and wife—Elisabet.

Witnesses: Jan Thuenissen and wife.

Neyssen, Ellen—Elisabet.

Witnesses: Cornelis Thuenissen and wife.



42 Somerset County Historical Quarterly

Andriessen, Andries and wife—Madalena.
Witnesses : Jan Woertman and wife.

[Parents' names not inserted]—Marytie, Lisabet, Maria, Cor-
nelis, Benjamin, Jesaias, Willem, Jan.

Witnesses: Cornelis Pouwels and wife.

1704.
Apr. 20. Op Dyck, Lourens and wife—Wilhelmus.

Witnesses: Jan Koeverden and wife.
Oldin, Willem and wife—Lisebett.

[Parents' names not inserted]—Jan, Willem, Anneken, Saer-
tien, Mertien, Hanna.

Witnesses : Cornelis Pouwels, Willem Claessen.
Thuenissen, Cornelis and wife—Jan.

Witnesses: Piter De Mondt and wife.

Van Neste, Hironimus and wife—Maryrieton.
Witnesses : Jacob Sebrege, Judit Van Neste.

Jansen, Ouke and wife—Jaentien.
Witnesses : Jacob and Maria Sebrige.

Aug. 1. Beten, Gabriel de and Constans—Jantien, b. June 17.

Witness : Jantien Cure.
Bordt, Andries and wife—Mary.
Laenssen, Willem and wife—S. Teems.

Witness : Derk Volckers.
Brulle, Willem and Albertina—Maria.

Witnesses : Gerrit Bolmers and wife.

Korssen, Kors and wife—Kristiaen.

Witnesses : Joris Van Neste and wife.

Antony, and Maria—Britjert.

Witness : Wife of Broekaerts.
[Parents blank]—Meery.
Witness : Wife of Jan Hauss Hoeverden.

de Mont, Piter and wife—Jan.

Witnesses : Jan Tbuenissen and wife.

Oct. 25. Van Neste, Joris and wife—Joris.

Witnesses: Jacob Sebrige and wife.

Oeldien, Willem and wife—Margriet.
Witnesses : Cornelis Pouwels, Abraham Merlet.

Koenraetsf ?), Octaviaen and Maria Langevelt—Marytie.
Witnesses: Cornelis Langevelt and wife.

Bordt, Andries and wife—Katryn.
Witnesses : Piter and Katryn Broeckaer.

Lavors, Jan and wife—Abraham.
Witnesses: Johannes Sebrige and wife, Merledt.

Pouwels, Cornelis and wife—Maria.
Witnesses : Abraham Merledt and wife.

Claessen, Willian and wife—Gerbrandt.
Witnesses: Michiel Van Vechten and wife.

Woertman, Jan and wife—Hermtien.
Witnesses: Piter de Mondt and wife.

Bordt, Joris and wife—Joris.

Witnesses : Thammes and Marya Bordt.



First Reformed Church, Raritan (Somerville) Baptisms 43

Wickhoff, Simon and wife—Geertien.
Witnesses: Cornelis and Geer( ? ) Wickhoff.

Porssell, Thomas and wife—Piter.

Witnesses : Michiell Van Yechten and wife.

I705-

Aug. 28. Middage, Derek and Kataleyn—Theunis.
Witnesses : Reydt Koorse, Jantien Van Xeste.

Hooff, Pieter and wife—Peter.

Witnesses : Piter La fever and wife, Broeckarts.
Sebrige, Johannes and wife—Lefkers.

Witnesses: Hendrick Reyniersse and wife.

Nov. 14. Van Xeste, Piter and wife—Annatien.
Witnesses: Abraham Merledt and wife.

Volkers, Derek and wife—Annetien.
Witnesses : Hendrick Reyniersse and wife.

Broeckaer, Jan and wife—Kalleyntie.

Witnesses: Jan Theunissen and wife.

Lafeber, Piter and wife—Jantien.

Witnesses : Hans Koverden, Katryna Broeckaw.
1706.

Apr. 3. Van Duynen, Abraham and Geertien—Isack.

Witnesses : Jan and Kaetleyn Teunissen.
Teunissen, Cornelis and Xeeltien—Sara.

Witnesses : Michiel and Jantien Van Vechten.
Rappelje, Jacob and Saertien—Joris (b. Jan. 24).

Witnesses: Jan and Kaetleyn Teunissen.

Janse, Auke and wife—Jan.
Witnesses : Daniel and Lisebet Sebrige.

Vroom, Kors and wife—Michiell.

Witnesses : Derek Middage and Kaetien Kurs.
Apr. 14. Malet, Abraham and Elisabet—Joris, b. Apr. 14.

Witnesses : David W'illemsen and wife.

Drinckwater, Xet and Antien—Eduert.
Witnesses: Willem and Maria Halee.

de Mon, Piter and Femmichien—Abraham.
Witnesses : Michiel and Jannetien Van Vechten.

Van Neste, Jeronimus and Xeeltien—Jeronimus.
Witnesses : Derek and Katleyn Middage.

Andriessen, Andries and wife—Mary.
Witnesses : Piter Hofif and wife.

[Parents not named]—Maria.
Witnesses : Abraham van Duynen and wife.

Aug. 6. Marschan, Hendrick and wife—Andries.
Witnesses : Andries Bort and wife.

Koevers, Hans and wife—Maria.
Witnesses : Cornelis and Xeeltien Teunissen.

Bort, Joris and Helena—Maria.
Witnesses: Andries Bort and Andries Marshan.

Oct. 30. Brnka, Piter and wife—Katleyn.
Witnesses: Piter Van Xeste and wife, Broka.



44 Somerset County Historical Quarterly

Joosten, Jan and wife—Sara.
Witnesses : Joost Jansen, Katleyn Bodyn.

Van Neste, Joris and wife—Reynier.
Witnesses: Derek Middage and wife.

Dorlandt, Gerrit (the younger) and wife—Maria.
Witnesses : Jacob Wickhoff and wife.

1707.
Apr. 30. Lafeber, Piter and wife—Katryn.

Witnesses : Jan and Catryn Broka, Michiell Van Vechten.
Oldien, Willem and wife—Thomas.

Witnesses: Michiell Van Vechten and wife.

Bort, Andries and wife—Borgon.
Witnesses: Tam Bort and wife.

[Parents not named; says "Mother"]—Margriet.
Witnesses : Abraham Merlet and wife.

Bodyn, Isack and wife—Jantien.

Witnesses: Joris Haall and wife.

Claessen, Willem and wife—Hanna.
Witnesses : Cornelis and Neeltien Thuennissen.

Muelenaer, Hendrick and Katleyn—Joost Adriaensen.
Witnesses: Adriaen Muelenaer and wife.

Hendricksen, Folkert and wife—Grietjen.

Witnesses : Michiell Van Vechten and wife.

Fonteyn, Jannes and wife—Abraham.
Witnesses : Jacob Sebrege and wife.

Pouwels, Cornelis and wife—Elsjen.

Witnesses: Andris Jurjensen and wife.

Wuertman, Jan and wife—Anna.
Witnesses: Jan Broecka and wife.

Nias, Anna—Tammes.
Witnesses: Tammes and wife.

Aug. 3. Rappelje, Jacob and wife—Abraham.
Witnesses: Abraham Jorisse and wife, de Mon.

Broeckaer, Jan and wife—Femmichjen.
Witnesses: Jan Thunnissen and wife, Broekaer.

Hoff, Piter and wife—Borgon.
Witnesses: John Broekaers and wife, Koevers.

Willemsen, Davidt and wife—Judit.

Witnesses : Peter and Seyne Van Neste.
Oct. 29. Post, Willem and wife—Johannes.

Witnesses : Louwert Opdwck, Barber Willemsen.
Bort, Tham and wife—Thomas.
Witnesses: Andries Bort and wife, Koevers.

Thissen, Cornelis and wife—Mathias.
Witnesses: Jan Broekaer and wife.

1708.
Apr. 28. Backer, Jacob and wife—Susanna.

Witnesses: Jan Laross and wife.

Kuesa, Antony and wife—Jannetje.

Witnesses: Jan Thuenissen and wife.



First Reformed Church, Raritan (Somerville) Baptism 45

Thuenissen, Cornells and wife—Dneyes(?).
Witnesses: Tuenis and Saertjen Middelswart.

Siebridge, Johannes and wife—Annetje.
Witnesses : Jacob and Maria Siebrige.

Van Neste, Piter and wife—Bernerdus.
Witnesses: Michiell Van Vechten and wife.

W'ickhoff, Simon and wife—Jan.
Witnesses : Jacob Wickhoff and wife.

Bossell, Cammes and wife—Dinnes.
Witnesses : Hans Koevers and wife.

Joosten, Jan and wife—Johannes.
Witnesses : Isack Bodyn, Van Kocke.

Brocka, Piter and wife—Maryrietien.
Witnesses : Piere and Aryntien Van Neste.

Vroom, Kors and wife—Abraham.
Aug. 4. Janse, Auke and wife—Willem.

Witnesses : Rolef Sibrige ; Seyne Van Neste.
Andriessen, Andries and wife—Jannetien.

Witnesses : Jacob Probasco and wife.
Oct. 27. Lafeber, Piter and wife—Judick.

Witnesses : Isaac Broeckaer, Judick Marell.
Merlet, Abraham and wife—Derek.

Witnesses: Derek Middage and wife.
Lafos, Jan and wife—Niclaes.

Witnesses : Willem Ooldien and wife.
Hael, Tarn and wife—Ritfelt.

Witnesses : Michiell Van Vechten and wife.
Koch, Jan and wife—Neeltien.

Witnesses : Jan Palen and wife.
Ten Eyck, Albert and wife—Jennehen.

Witnesses : Michiel Van Vechten and wife.

1709.
Apr. 26. Probasco, Jacob and wife—Stoffell.

Witnesses : Jacob WyckhofF and wife.
Van Neste, Jeronimus and wife—Willem.

Witnesses : Jacob Sibrige and wife.
Van Neste, Joris and wife—Abraham.

Witnesses : Adrean Meulenaer ; Katien Vroom.
Middage, Derek and wife—Joris.

Witnesses : Davit Wilemsen ; Maryken Van Neste.
Meidenaer, Hendrick and wife—Maryken.

Witnesses: Jacob Bodyn and Kataleyn.
Bodyn, Isack and wife—Fredrick.

Witnesses : Abraham Merlet, Arientien Van Neste.
Apr. 27. Rappelje, Jacob and wife—Antien.

Sebrige, Rolof and wife—Derek.
Witnesses: Derek Volkers and wife.

Beten, Gabriel and wife—Benjamin.
Witness : Lisebet Beten.

Joosten, Jan. and wife—Maria.
Witnesses : Albert Louw and wife.



46 Somerset County Historical Quarterly

Dumont, Piter and wife—Katleyntien.
Witnesses : Cornelis and Nieltien Teunissen.

Woertman, Jan and wife—Abraham.
Witnesses: Derek Volckers and wife.

Aug. 4. Halderinck, Willem and wife—Elsjen.
Witnesses: Jan Broecka and wife, Van Vechten.

Oct. 26. Briss, Folkert and wife—Jurjan(?).
Witnesses : Hendrick Reyniersen, Angenietien Barentsen.

Dorlant, Gerrit and Merritien—Lisebet.
Witnesses : Jan Laeten and wife.

Broka, Jan and wife—Jan.
Witnesses : Thunis Middleswart, Cataleyn Theunissen.

Koevers, Hans and wife—Barbara.
Witnesses : Michiel Van Vechten and wife.

Hoff, Piter and wife—Derek.
Witnesses : Piter and Maria Broka.

Van Dyck, Lambert and wife—Achias.
Witnesses : Jacob and Annatien Van Dyck.

Thisson, Cornelis and wife—Annetien.
Witnesses : Piter Van Neste and wife.

Broka, Piter and wife—Piter.

Witnesses : Jan and Catleyntie Broka.

[To be Continued]

js j* & Ji

MANUMISSIONS OF SLAVES IN SOMERSET COUNTY

[Concluded from Vol. J, Page 279]

1805 to 1844

—

From County Records

Harry, slave of Richard Ten Eyck, of Hillsborough.
Jack, slave of Christopher Voorhees, of Montgomery.
Jane, slave of John Voorhees, of Montgomery.
Somerset, slave of (late) Dickinson Miller, Esq., of Bridge-

water.
Levy, slave of John M. Nevius, of Montgomery.
James, slave of (late) Isaac Stryker, Sr., of Montgomery.
Hannah, slave of (late) Richard D. Low, of Hillsborough.
Dick, slave of Abraham Skillman, of Montgomery.
Harry, slave of James B. Elmendorf, of Somerville.
Harry, slave of Frederick Stryker, of Franklin.

Bet, slave of Abraham Voorhees, of Franklin.
Dian, slave of (late) Dickinson Miller, Esq., of Bridgewater.
William, Slave of Henry H. Wilson, of Hillsborough.
Flora, slave of Dr. John DeWitt, of Franklin.

Martha, slave of John Davison, of Montgomery.

Thomas, slave of James D. Stryker, of Hillsborough.

1826.

Feb. 18.

Feb. 22.

Mar. 2.

Mar. i5-

Apr. 1.

Apr. 10.

Apr. 10.

Apr. iS-

Apr. 18.

Apr. 27.
May 13-

May 15-

July 8.

Sept. 16.

Sept. 27.

1827.

Jan. 2.


