Records of the Reformed Dutch church of New Paltz, N.Y., containing an account of the organization of the church and the registers of consistories, members, marriages, and baptisms
93
Sept. 22. Simon H. Deyoo and Lea Lattin.
Oct. 6. Jeremiah Hasten and Mary Paulis.
Oct. 12. William A. Weast and Rachel Leminger.
Oct. 12. Noah Hasbrouck and Polly Branin.
Oct. 27. Benjamin Upright and Ida kasten.
Oct. 27. John Baylree and Jane Terwilliger.
Nov. 3. Justus Sexton and Rebeccah Simmons.
Dec. 13. Daniel Woolsy and Elizabeth Deyoo.
Dec. 29. Gerrit Newkirk and Maria Bovier.
1815.
Jan. 6. Henry Dickinson Gue and Phoebe Smith.
Jan. 7. Abraham Dubois and Halen (?) Jenkins.
Jan. 14. Reuben Ostrander and Tyny Traphagen.
Jan. 15. David Alsdorf and Hannah Jenkins.
Jan. 16. Benjamin Hasbrouck, widower, and Mary Ter-
williger, widow.
Jan. 26. Jesse Lounsberry and Elizabeth Sinsapagh.
Jan. 28. James De Hart and Margaret Sinsapagh.
Feb. 2. Smith Rensem and Maria Lefever.
Feb. 19. Sinsapagh and Tempy Alsdorf.
March 11. John I. Hogteling and Gitty Louw.
March 25. Daniel Roose and Widow Jane Sexton.
April 4. Miller and Wackman.
May 22. Lefever Dubois and Rebeccah Johnson, widow.
May 25. John Halsted and Mary Wells.
June 1. Philip Rank and Polly Dunii.
June 8. Christopher Lefever and Deyoo.
June II. Vandemark and Mary Weller.
June 18. Philip Dubois and Hetty Freer.
Sept. 14, Daniel Riqua (?) and Merrit (?).
Oct. 12. George D. L. Montanye and Margaret Burger.
Oct. 12. Cornelius Reediker and Sally Teers.
Oct. 19. Miles Wells and Jane Green.
BAPTISMS.
From Vol. II. of the New Paltz Reformed Dutch Church
Book which are in Dutch with an occasional French entry.
1729, Aug. 10, Sara, child of Evert and Sara Ter Wellinge.
Witnesses : This Feure, Jannetie Freure.
1730, June 28. Elzie, child of Yzaak and Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Daniel and Maria DuBoy.
Maria, child of Anthony and Aaltie Westbroeck.
Witnesses : Johannes, Jr., and Maria Hardenbergh.
94
1731, March 21. Loys, child of Johannes and Mary Harden-
bergh.
Witnesses : Nathaniel and Catharina DuBoys.
Lena, child of Jeames and Geessie Spenieneck.
Witnesses : Jeames Achmudi, Lena Deckers.
Ariaantje, child of Petrus and Margaretha Terwillingh.
Witnesses : Abram and Wyntje Dejo.
May 30. Salomon, child of Sammuell and Maghdalena
Bevier.
Witnesses : Simeon and Eliza|)eth LeFever.
Aug. 15. Johanna, child of Edward and Sara Whieler.
Witnesses : Nicolaas and Sara Roos.
1732, June 18. Christiaan, child of Mozes and Claartje
Dejo.
Witnesses : Abraham Bevier, Maria Stockeraat.
Oct. I. Daniel, child of Salomon and Sara Haasbroek.
Witnesses : Daniel and Marie DuBoy.
1733) Jan. 7. Charels, child of Johannes and Maria Harden-
bergh.
Witnesses : Chareles and Maretie Broadhead.
Feb. II. Hendrik, child of Willem and Eva Smith.
Witnesses : Zymon Helm, Elizabeth Hefer.
Sept. 16. Sara, child of Hendrik and Marghriet Dejoy.
Witnesses : Salomon and Sara Haasbroek.
Feb. II. Samuel, Abraham, Mary, children of Thomas
and Elizabeth Smith.
Witnesses : Nicolaas and Sara Roos, Jacob and Hester
Haasbroek, Sammuel and Lena Beuvier.
May 20. Martynus, child of Jonas and Catharina Freer.
Witnesses : Simon Le Fever, Rebecka Freer.
Elizabeth, child of Thos. and Elizabeth Smith.
Witnesses : Abraham and Elzie Haasbroeck.
Nicholaas, child of Richard and Elizabeth Davids.
Witnesses : Nicholaas and Sara Roosa.
Luiis, child of Jonathan and Elizabeth DuBoy.
Witnesses : Luiis DuBoy, Catharina DuBois.
1734, March 24. Margaretha, child of John and Catharine
Wilzon.
Witnesses : Jacob Watch, Lena Raillie.
95
Annatje, child of Willem and Marghriet Sluyter.
Witnesses : Dirck Ceyzer, Lea Van der Schuyven.
Maria, child of Mozes and Klaartie De Joy.
Witnesses : Jan and Maria Yn.
Yzaak, child of Yzaak Freere, and Maria De Joy.
Witnesses : Abraham De Joy, Elizabeth De Boy.
Abraham and Sarah, children of Zymon and Anna Helrn.
Witnesses : Nicolaas and Sarah Roos, Gerrit and Anna
Neuwkerk.
June 23. James, child of Andries and Beelletie Graham.
Witnesses : Nicholaas and Sara Roos.
Oct. 6. Meyls, child of Meyls and Catharine Couwle.
Witnesses : Edward and Susanna Brouwn.
1735, March 9, born January 9. Marie, child of Daniel and
Wyntie Haasbroeck.
Witnesses : Salomon and Sara Haasbroeck.
May 16. Marghriet, child of Mozes and Claartje Do Yoo.
Witnesses : Benjamin Du Boy, Marghriet Do Yoo.
Jonas, child of Daniel and Wyntje Haasbroek.
Witnesses : Abraham and Elizabeth Doyoo.
Sara, child of Simon and Petronella Le Fever.
Witnesses : Abraham and Sara Haasbroek.
Joseph, child of Yzaak and Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Yzaak and Elzie Haasbroek.
1736, May 23. Thomus, child of Richard and Elizabeth
Davids.
Witnesses : Jacobus and Tryntje Bruyn.
The following 3 entries are in French, the baptisms having
been performed by Rev. J. J. Moulinars.
1739, April 29. Josaphat, child of Jacob and Ester Hasbroek.
Witnesses : Daniel and Jacob Hasbrouck.
Catherine, child of Philippus and Catherine Smith.
Witnesses : Laurens and Maria Alsdorf.
May 6, bo. April 2. Martin, child of Jean and Caterine
Griffens.
Witnesses : Daniel Hasbrouck, Vuyne (?) D'Oyo.
96
1 74° , June 8. David, child of Daniel and Waantea (sic)
Harsbrook.
Witnesses : Isaac and Mary Frere.
Youncha, child of Johannes and Rebecca Low.
Witnesses : Isaac and Marieka Lefever.
Margareta, child of Lowrance and Maria Alsdraugh.
Witnesses : Honnes Urien, Claurah Rhauk.
Ury, child of Jacob and Annah Nice (?)
Witnesses : Ury Moues, Magdalenah Mauses.
The baptisms dated June 8, 1740, were performed by Rev.
Isaac Chelker and written in English.
Those dated Sept. 14, are also written in English by the
same minister.
Sept. 14. Lawrance, child of Johans Ui-y and Clarah Rong.
Witnesses : Lawrance Alsstorf, Maria Alsstorff.
Daniel, child of Abraham and Elisabeth Doeau.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Ester Debaen.
Andrew, child of Simon and Petronella Lefever.
Witnesses : Mathew and Margaret Lefever.
1749, June 4. By Rev. J. H. Goetschius, Zacharias, child
of Daniel Hasbroek and Wyntje Du Yo.
Witnesses : Jacob Hasbroek, Jr., and wife Mary.
1750, April 22. Catharina, child of Benjamin Smedes and
Rachel Janse.
Witnesses : Benjamin Smedes, Jr., Elsje Dekker.
Evert, child of Sacharyas Hoffman and Maria Terwillige.
Witnesses : Jan De Wit, Anna Preskit.
Pieter, child of Pieter Du Jo and Elizabeth Helm.
Witnesses : Daniel Hasbrouk, Wyntje Du Jo.
Margriet, child of Jurri Twies (?) and Elizabeth Smith.
Witnesses : Abram Du Jo, Elizabeth de Booy.
Jacob Rutse, child of Adriaan Nieuwkerk and Marretje
Rutsen.
Witnesses : Abram Rooza, Elizabeth Rutsen.
Aug. 30. By Rev. J. C. Fryenmoet, aged 29 years. Antje,
child of Johannis Louw and Rebecca Freer.
Witnesses : Salomon and Jannetje Louw.
Cornelia, child of Johannes Bevieer and Magdalena Le
Fever.
Witnesses : Mattheus Le Fever, Margriet Bevieer.
97
Oct. 19. Amelyna, child of Jacob Sluyter and Lydia
Keyser.
Witnesses : Zacharias and Annatje Sluyter.
Cataryntje, child of Abram Bevier and Margriet Elten.
Witnesses : Johannes Bevier, Madlena Le Fever.
Daniel, child of Simon DuBois and Catharina Le Fever.
Witnesses : Nathaniel and Marytje Le Fever.
Oct. 21. Jannetje, child of Ari Terwilliger and Grietje
Vinnik.
Witnesses : Petrus and Marritje Cool.
Mari, child of Sacharias Klaarwater and Sara Terwilligen.
Witnesses : Hugo and Mari Terwilligen.
1 741, June 8. By Rev. Isaac Chalker, in English : Catharina,
child of John and Mary Hardenbergh.
Witnesses : Abraham Hardenbergh and wife Mary.
Magdalene, child of Isaac and Mary Freyer.
Witnesses : Joshua Elting and wife Magdelene.
Margaret, child of Johannes and Mary Celden.
Witness : Margaret Snese.
Nov. 8. Cornelia, child of Jonathan Du Bois and Eliza-
beth Fever.
Witnesses : Simon Le Fever, Peternella Hasbrouck.
Dec. II. By Isaac Chalker, in English : a daughter (no
name), child of Henrick Van Waigan.
Witnesses : Cornelius and Elizabeth Schoonmaker.
1742, April 4. By Isaac Chalker, in English, Celia, child of
John Griffing.
Witness : Margaret Knees,
July 4. By I. Chalker, in English : Elsha, child of Daniel
and Wencha Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Isaac and Rachel Hasbrouck.
Madalena, child of Abraham and Margaret Deven. (?)
Witnesses : Josias Elting and wife Magdalena.
1750-51, Jan. 30. By Rev. Theodorus Frelinghuysen,
preacher at Albany, Jannitje, child of Willem Schut and
Elizabeth Freer.
Witnesses : Hugo Terwilligen, Jannetje De Freer.
Anna, child of Benjamin Du Bois and Maria Bovie.
Witnesses : Simon Du Bois, Catarina Lefever.
98
Geertje, child of William Robinson and Maria Sluyter.
Witnesses : Jacob and Cornelia Sluyter.
Jannetie, child of Barent Kool and Sara Spineks.
Witnesses : Evert Terwillige, Lena Spineks.
April 21. By J. H. Goetschius : Isaac, child of Abraham
Rosa and Elisabet Rutse.
Witnesses : Isaac Rosa and wife Neeltje Crispel.
Dec. I. Evert, child of Benjamin Terwilligen and Elsje
Freer.
Witnesses : Jan Terwilligen, Maria Freer.
Dec. 8. Johannis, child of Jurian Troies (?) and Elizabeth
Smit.
Witnesses : Johannis Matthew Louw, Rebecca Freer.
Maria, child of Hugo Freer, Jr., and Hester Dejoo.
Witnesses : Marynis Van Aken, Margrit Dejoo.
Saerah, child of William Haarloo and Marretje Fenicks (?).
Witnesses : Zachary Hofman, Mary Terwille.
1752, Jan. 28. By Rev. J. C. Frymoet : Simon, child of
Pieter Dejoo and Elizabeth Helm.
Witnesses : Abram and Johanna Helm.
Lea, child of Jan Wintfiel and Elizabeth Smit.
Witnesses : Hendrick and Lea Smit.
Cornells, child of Abram Cool and Sara Sluyter.
Witnesses : Cornells Cool, Sytje Kuykendal.
Jonathan, child of Johannis Bevier and Magdalena Le
Fever.
Witnesses : Abraham Lefever, Maria Bevier.
Simion, child of Jacobus Bevier and Antje Freer.
Witnesses : Abraham Bevier, Margriet Elte.
Jonas, child of Gerrit and Maria Freer.
Witnesses : Jonas Freer, Catrina Stokkerat.
Helena, child of Theunis Van Steenberge and Lena Crispel.
Witnesses : Jan and Maria Van Steenbergen.
May 17. By Dom. Goetschius : Margritje, child of Abraham
Lefebre and Maria Beviere.
Witnesses : Abraham Bevie and wife Margrietie Elten.
May 18. Ester, child of Jacob Hasbroek, Jr., and Janatje
Du Bois.
Witnesses : Isaac Hasbroek, Jr., and wife Maria Breun.
99
Maria, child of Zacharias Hoffman and Maria Terwilligen.
Witnesses : Evert Terwilgen and wife Sara Freer.
Sept. 2. By Do. Meynema : Philip, child of Abraham De
Joo and Lizabeth Da Bois.
Witnesses : Isaak, Jr. and Mary Freer.
Edwart, child of Edwart Woodt, Jr., and Catrina Van de
Merker.
Witnesses : Edwart Woodt, Susanna Seat.
Daniel, child of Arberam Van de Merke.
Witnesses : Freer Van de Merke, Geertje Tak.
i7S3i July S. By Dom. I. H. Goetschius : John, child of
Jan Terwilge and Jacomyntje V. de Merke,
Witnesses : Barenl Kool and wife Sara Pennik,
Elisabeth, child of Cornelius Terwilge and Catrina V. Netta.
Witnesses : Abraham Terwilge, Lisabeth Van Nette.
Oct. (?) 7 (?). Johann, child of Johan George Nice (?) and
Elizabeth Smitt.
Witnesses : Johan George and Claatje Ranck.
Oct. 7. By Do. B. Vrooman : Abraham, child of Thomas
Quick and Maria Terwilligen.
Witnesses : Abraham Terwilligen, Catrina Van der Merk.
Eva, child of Benjamin Hasebrouck and Elidia Schoon-
maker.
Witnesses : Phillip Dubois, Hester Schoonmaker.
Nov. 4, Wouter, child of Eduwaard Sluyter and Lea Van
Schuyve.
Witnesses : Hendrick , Lea Smith.
Geertruy, child of Andreas Lefever and Rachel Dubois.
Witnesses : Nataniel and Geertruy Dubois.
Abraham, child of Matheus Allen and Margrita Donalson.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Maria Dubois.
* Nov. 25. Magdalena, child of Johannes Bevier and Mag-
dalena Lefever.
Witnesses : Matheus and Margareta Lefever.
* These baptisms were entered in such a manner in the original that it is
impossible to say positively who were parents and who were witnesses.
Mr. B. Femow who semanuscript translation is in the Library of the Genea-
logical and Biographical Society reverses the names of these parents and
witnesses, i. e. he records as the names of parents what our translator un-
derstands to be witnesses, and vice versa.
lOO
* Jannetje, child of Johan Jurrie Ranclc and Clara Steen-
brinck.
Witnesses : Jacob and Jannetje Hasbroeck.
Nov. 2. By Do. C. J. Fryenmoet, preacher at Menissink :
Isak and And ies, children of Simon Du Bois and Catryntje
Le Fever.
Witnesses : Coenraet Vernooy and wife Margriet Le Fever,
Johannes Bevier, Jr., Rachel Le Fever.
Maria, child of Jacobus Bruyn and Jane Grame.
Witnesses : Abram Hasbrouk and wife Cathrina Bruyn.
Johannes, child of Petrus Vreligh and Maria Wood.
Witnesses : Edward Wood and wife Susanna Scott.
Lena, child of Isak Dio and Echje Frere.
Witnesses : Johannes Dio, Lena Achmoetie.
1753, Feb. 23. By Dom. Theodorus Frielinghuysen : Anna,,
child of Jacob Helm and Margarita Smit.
Witnesses : Simon and Anna Helm.
May 16. By Benjamin Meynema : Nikolaas, child of Abra-
ham Hardenberg and Maria Hasebroek.
Witnesses : Isaak Haasebroek, Petronella Hasebroek.
Roelf Elting, child of Abraham Bevier and Margriet Eltinge..
Witnesses : Roelof Eltinge, Hester Bevier.
VElias, child of Jacobus Bevier and Antje Freer.
Witnesses : Benjamin Du Bois, Marie Bevier.
Maria, child of Jacob Teerpenning and Marietje Beem.
Witnesses : Louwerens Alstorf, Maria Tomas.
Kornelis, child of Johannes and Johanna Sluiter.
Witnesses : Johannes and Margrieta Sluiter.
Isaak, child of Johannes Le Vewer and Sara Ver Nooi.
Witnesses : Petrus Le Vev/er, Lizabet Fernooi.
Annaatje, child of Moses Jork and Maria Freer.
Witnesses : Poetrik York, Mesjel Van Leuwen.
* 1754, Jan. I. Catharina, child of Gerrit and Maria Freer._
Witnesses : Johannes and Agetta Freer.
* Jan. 20. John, child of Richard Hennisce and Rebecca
Griffin.
Witnesses : Joseph and Margarita Griffin.
* March 3. Benjamin, child of Hugo Freer, Jr., and Hester
Dojo.
Witnesses : Benjamin Freer, Mally Ecmoedy.
* See note at foot of page gg.
IiOI
* Abraham, child of John Coader and Lea Van de Keyk (?).
Witnesses : Jacob Helm, Margriet Smit.
* March 24. Annetje, child of Edward Wood and Catharina
Tan de Merken.
Witnesses : Abraham and Jaquemeytie Van de Merken.
* Cornelia, child of Willem Robbertson and Maria Sluyter.
Witnesses : Aldert Ploeg, Cornelia Sluyter.
* April 14. Elizabeth, child of Daniel 'Lefever and Catha-
rina Conteyn.
Witnesses : Pieter and Cornelia Conteyn.
* June 2. Maria, child of Willem Sluyter and Maria Keyser.
Witnesses : Jacob and Maria Teerpenning.
* Aug. II. Jonathan, child of Jacob and Sarah Freer.
Witnesses : Jacobus and Antje Bevier.
* Hendericus, child of John and Maria Etkins.
Witnesses : Hendericus and Lea Smit.
* Oct. 13. Elias, child of- Abraham Hardenbergh and Maria
Hasbrouk.
Witnesses : Johannes and Antje Jansen.
* Lidea, child of Tennis Van Steenbergen and Lena Chrispel.
Witnesses : Themotheus and Rachel V. Steenbergen.
Oct. 20. Benjamin, child of John Windfeald and Elizabeth
Smitt.
Witnesses : Jacob and Maria Teerpenning.
* Oct. 29. Noach, child of Abraham Le Fever and Maria
Bevier.
Witnesses : Johannes and Magdalena Bevier.
* Jannetje, child of Johannes Sluyter and Maria Weynant.
Witnesses : Jurry and Jannetje Weynant.
1755, Jan. I. Maria, child of Adrian Nieuwkerk and Marytje
Rutse.
Witnesses : Abraham and Maria Hardenberg.
Jan. 5. Simeon, child of Petrus Oostrander and Debora
De Joo.
Witnesses : Frederick and Debora Fort.
March 18 {bom March 5). Josea, child of Jacob Hase-
broucq, Jr., and Jannitje Dubois.
Witnesses : Wilhelmus and Rachel Dubois.
* See note at foot of page 99.
I02
Catarina, child of Jan Teerpenning and Elisabeth Aarsdalen.
Witnesses : Philip and Catarina Aarsdalen.
Maria, child of Abraham Bevier and Margarita Elton.
Witnesses : Abraham and Maria Lefever.
Nicholaes, child of Joseph Grififin and Margarita Wieler.
Witnesses : Nicholaes Keyser and Anna Wieler.
Alexander, child of George Forgenson and Elisabeth Davis.
Rebecca, child of Abraham Rosa and Elisabeth Rutse.
Witnesses : Pieter Dejou, Elisabet Helm.
Annetje, child of Johan Adam Hofman and Rosina Rally
Witnesses : Johan Jurrie Rang, Clara Steenbrinck.
Evert, child of Johannis and Anna Sluiter.
Witnesses : Evert and Lea Sluiter.
June 15. Johannes, child of Benjamin Dojo and Jenneke
Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Johannes and Agetta Freer.
Maria, child of Benjamin Smedes and Rachel Jansen.
Witnesses : Mattheus and Rachel Smedes.
Aug. 10. Johanna, child of Jacob Witfield and Catryna Helm.
Witnesses : Abraham and Johanna Helm.
Aug. 24. Georgius Wilhelmius, child of Hermanus Oost-
rander and Barbara Terwilgen.
Witnesses : Georgius Wilhelm Terwilgen and Lena Oost-
rander.
Ezechiel, child of Jan Terwilgen and Jakomyntje Vander
Merke.
Witnesses : Johannes and Maria Terv/ilge.
Jacob, child of Gideon Louw and Rachael Sammons.
Witnesses : The parents.
Marretje, child of Johannes Klyn and Lisabeth Kyser.
Witnesses : WjUiam Robbersen and wife, Maria Sluyter.
Margretha, child of Cornelius Kerner and Janetje Keeter.
Witnesses : Cornelius Kyser and Katrina Keeter.
Sara, child of Jacobus Bevier and Antje Freer.
Witnesses
: Johannes Bevier and wife Madlena.
1756, Jan. 27. Eva, child of Jacob Helm and Maragrietje
Smith.
Witnesses : Johannes and Annatje Smit.
I03
Abraham, child of Abraham Kool and Sara Sluyter.
Witnesses : Wouter and Maragrieta Sluyter.
Jermia and Willem, children of William Roberson and Maria
Sluyter.
Witnesses : Wouter Sluyter, Anganietje Keyser, Willem
Sluyter, and Maria Kyser.
Simeon, child of Petrus Oostrander and Debora Dojoo.
Witnesses : Simon and Marytje Freere.
Hannah, child of Mathew Allen and Margret Dannelson.
Witnesses : Abraham Dannelson and Elizabeth Ecmoedy.
Willem, child of Willem Sluyter and Maria Kyser.
Witnesses : Willem Robbertson and Maria Sluyter.
April 17. Maria, child of Andries and Rachel Lefever.
Witnesses : Leuwies and Ester de Boey.
Rachel, child of Simon de Boes and Catrina Lefever.
Witnesses : Benjamin de Boes and Mareytje Bovie.
Jerimia, child of Johannes Louw and Rebecka Freer.
Witnesses : Johannes and Maria Louw.
Margrita, child of Pieter Dejoo and Elizabeth Helm.
Witnesses : Christophel Dejoo and Debora Van Vliet.
Lena, child of Jurrie Hees (or Nees) and Elizabeth Smith.
Witnesses : Abraham Bovie and Margrita Eltinge.
Cornelia, child of Jacob Sluyter and Liedia Keyser.
Witnesses : Albert Ploegh and Cornelia Sluyter.
No date. Nathaniel, child of Johannis Bevier and Mada-
lena Lafever.
Witnesses : Nathaneel and Maria Lafever.
Antje, child of Johannis and Annatje Sluiter.
Witnesses : Dirk and Neeltje Sluiter.
Arie, child of Cornelius Terwilligen and Catrina Van Nette.
Witnesses : Cornelius Cool and Sytje Cuikendal.
Ezechiel, child of Gerrit ? and Maria Freer.
Witnesses : Martinus Freer and Rachel Terwilligen.
No date. Petrus, child of Edward Wood, Jr., and Catrina
Vandermerken.
Witnesses : Petrus Vandermerken and Helena Woodt.
Nov. 7. Lea, child of Johannes Krispell and Anatje Ritzen.
Witnesses : Antoni and Catrina Krispell.
I04
Joseph, child of Joseph Coddington and Catrina Vander
Merken.
Witnesses : Abraham De Yoo and wife Elisabeth.
Jeremia, child of Hugo Vreer and Hester De Joo.
Witnesses : Benjamin De Joo and wife Janetje.
Janetje, child of Benjamin Terwilge and Elsje Vreer.
Witnesses : Joseph and Wyntje Vreer.
1757, Jan. 16. Catarina, child of Richard Hannyson and
Rebecca Griffin.
Witnesses : Louwerents and Anna Griffin.
Marritje, child of Abraham Hardenbergh and Maria Has-
brouk.
Witnesses : Johannes, Jr., and Maria Hardenberg.
Noach, child of Cornelius Kalleheyn and Margariet John-
son.
Witness : Matthew Steel.
Alida, child of Thomas Etkins and Maria Dekker.
Witnesses : Joseph Etkins and Alida Dekker.
Maria, child of Abraham Danielson and EUzabeth Eck-
moedy.
Witnesses : Jacobus and Dievertje Hasbrouk.
Feb. 13. Anatje, child of Hermanus Oostrander and Bar-
bara Terwilgen.
Witnesses : Johannes Terwilge and wife Antje.
April 27. Nathan, child of Abraham Lefever and Maria
Bovier.
Witnesses : Jacobus Bovier and Antje Freer.
May 1. Elizabeth, child of Jacob Windfield and Catrina
Helm.
Witnesses : Pieter and Elizabeth De Joe.
Margrita, child of Joseph Griffin and Margrita Wider.
Witnesses : Jacob Hasebroek and Jannitje De Boeys.
Aug. 21. Hugoo, child of Willem Schut and Elizabeth
Freer.
Witnesses : Moses York and Maria Freer.
Geertje, child of Johannes De Joo and Sara Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Abraham Van Wagenen and Hillegont Crappel.
Jacob, child of Jacob Teerpenning and Mareytje Beem.
Witnesses : Boudeweyn and Elizabeth Teerpenning.
I05
Louwrens, child of Simon Aelsdorf and Maria Teerpenning.
Witnesses : Jan Teerpenning and Elizabeth Aelsdorf.
Jazaph, child of Benjamen De Boey and Maria Bovier.
Witnesses : Jacob Bovier and Annaetje Vernoej.
Lidias, child of Isack De Joo and Eghje Freer.
Witnesses ; Petrus and Lidia Freer.
Maria and Louwra, children of Jacob Rutsen Hardenbergh
and Dina Van Bergh.
Witnesses : Johannes and Maria Hardenbergh, Frederick
Van Berk and Louwra De Vroom.
Nov. 20. Shark, child of Sherk Van Keuren and Marl
Vreer.
Witnesses : Benjamin Van Keuren and wife Malle Bun-
schooten.
Lena, child of John Klyn and Lisabeth Keiser.
Witnesses : Dirk and Lena Sluuter.
Nov. 25. Rosina Barbara, child of Jacob and Anna
Maria Hubsch.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 27. Catrina, child of Edward Wood, Jr., and Catrina
Van der Merken.
Witnesses : Daniel Wood and Lea Van der Merken.
1758, Feb. 5. Maria, child of Isaac Hasebrouck, Jr., and
Maria Bruyn.
Witnesses : Jacob and Maria Hasebrouck.
Maria, child of Jacobus Bevier and Antje Freer.
Hester, child of Michael Sax and Johanna Bovie.
Witnesses : Isaac and Elisabeth Bevie.
Levi, child of Pieter Dojou and Elisabeth Hellen.
Witnesses : Abraham and Elisabeth Dojou.
Feb. 19. David, child of Stophel De Jo and Debora Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Benjamin De Jo and wife Janetje.
Rachel, child of Jan Teerpenning and Lisabeth Alsdorf.
Witnesses : Jan Wildfield and wife Lisabeth.
July 26. Margrita, child of Willem Sluyter and Maria
Keyser.
Witnesses : Petrus Burger and Margrita Sluyter.
Abraham, child of Benjamen Dojo and Janneca Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Christophel Dojo and Debora Van Vliet.
io6
Jonas, child of Johannes Bovie and Lena Fever.
Witnesses : Jacobus Bevie and Antje Freer.
Lowies, child of Jacob Hasebroek and Jannitje De Boey.
Witnesses : Lowies Bovie and Ester De Boey.
July 23. Maragrieta, child of Abraham Kool and Sarah
Sluyter.
Witnesses : Thomas and Maragrieta Farrington.
Aug. 20, Cattryntje, child of Nathaniel and Marytje
Lefever.
Witnesses : Simon Dubois and wife Cattryntje.
Elizabeth, child of Jacob Helm and Margrieta Smit.
Witnesses : Pieter Doyo and wife Elizabeth.
Catharina, child of Andries Lefever and Rachel Dubois.
Witnesses : Abraham Lefever and wife Maria.
Sara, child of Joseph Coddington and Catharina Vande-
merke.
Witnesses : Jacob Hasbrouck, Jr., and wife Jannetje.
Rachel, child of Abraham Hardenbergh and Maria Has-
brouck.
Sept. 3, Benjamin, child of Benjamin Terwilger and Elsje
Freer.
Witnesses : Benjamin Freer, Jr., and wife Elizabeth.
Oct. 29. Ezechiel, child of Johannis M. Louw and Rebecca
Freer.
Witnesses : Johannis Teerpenningh and wife Jannetje
Freer.
Abraham, child of Abraham Bevier and Margrietje Eltinge.
William, child of Abraham Donaldson and Elizabeth Auch-
moetie.
Witnesses : Jonathan Louw and wife Magdalena.
1759, March 3, Sara, child of Jacobus Hasebroek and
Divertje Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Habraham Hasebroek, Jr., and Rachel Sleght.
Maria, child of Gerrit, Jr., and Maria Freer.
Witnesses : Huwe Freer, Jr., and Hester De Joo.
Petrus, child of Daniel Levever and Catrina Conteyn.
Witnesses : Petrus Levever and Maria Louw.
June 13. Rachel, child of Abraham Lefever and Maria
Bovie.
I07
Solomon, child of Johannes Dojo and Sarah Van Wagene.
Witnesses ; Johannes Freer and wife Agetta.
Sept. 6. Rakel, child of Bodewyn and Elizabeth Teer-
penning.
Witnesses : Jan Teerpenning and Elizabeth Alsdorpt.
Maria, child of Jacob Fenkenkar and Maria L. Repinbergh.
Witnesses : Michael Sax and Johanna Bevier.
Sept. 9. Maria, child of Hans Jacob Stips ? and Maria
Granigje.
Witnesses : Joh. and Maria Grootsch and Philip Beker.
Oct. 16. Johannes Bevier, child of Michael Sax, and Jo-
hanna Bevier.
Witnesses : Isaac and EHsabeth Bevier.
Everdt, child of John Terwilligen and Maria Van Wagenen
Witnesses ; Johannes and Rachel Blanjohn.
Benjamin, child of Joseph Griffin and Margrith Wiler.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Elsie Terwilligen.
Nov. 10. Marcus, child of Marcus Wekman and Martha
Litz.
Witnesses : Willem and Hilletje Litz.
Jonathan, child of Andreas DuBois and Sara Lefeber.
Witnesses : Lewis DuBoi and wife Catryna.
Lea, child of Edward Wood, Jr., and Catrina Vander Merken.
Witnesses : William and Hanna Wood.
Sara, child of Philip Bovier and Treyntje Louw.
Witnesses : Petrus Van Wagenen and Sara Louw.
Wessel, child of Lewis Dubois and Catharina Broedhead.
Witnesses : Wessel and Catharina Broedhead.
Edwerd, child of Roeluf Litz and Saertje Sluyter.
Witnesses : Johannes and Merya Kroos.
1760, Jan. 17. Bregje, child of Jacob, Jr., and Sara Freer.
Witnesses ; Benjamin, Jr., and Elizabeth Freer.
Jacob, child of Johannes and Elizabeth Kleyn.
Witnesses : Jacob and Margrita Helm.
April 15. Annitje, child of Petrus Vander Merken and
Helena Wood.
Witnesses : Abraham and Jaccomyntje Vandemerke.
Aug. 24. Annatie, child of Jacob Helm and Margritt Schrait.
Witnesses : Jacob and Catrina Wembfield.
io8
Jacob, child of Joseph CoddingtoB and Catrina Vandemerke.
Angenittie, child of Jacob Tinkenau and Marieliss Rey-
denberger.
Witnesses : Jacob Beeker and Maria Dorothe.
Johon, child of Willem Schutt and Elisabeth Freres.
Witnesses : John and Maria Terwillige.
Johannes, child of Petrus Ostrander and Cristina Ranck.
Witnesses : Hanjoory and Saartie Rank.
Sept. 7. Lous, child of Johannes Hardenberg and Maria
Lefever.
Witnesses : Johannes, Sr., and Maria Hardenberg.
Oct. 26. Elisabeth, child of Joh. Heinerich Wesmullerand
Anna Maria Reppichhausen.
Witness : The mother.
Sartie, child of Hannes and Johanna Sluyter.
Witnesses : Abraham Kool and wife Sara.
Jacob, child of Petrus Lefever and Elisabeth Vernoy.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefever and wife Cathrina.
Nov. 9. Judica, child of Henery Harp and Lidia Wood.
Witnesses : Williem Wood and Cornelia Tapper.
Dec. 21. Thomas, child of Isaak Freres and Hester Jansen.
Witnesses : Zachary and Anna Jansen.
1 761, Jan. 4. Willem, child of Benjamin Dioo and Jannetie
Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Jan and Sary Van Vliet.
Jan. 18. Zacharias, child of Hieronimus Burger and Lena
Sluyter.
Wittnesses : Zacharias and Neeltie Sluyter.
Joannes, child of Andres Lefever and Rachel Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. I. Jannetie, child of Jacobus Bevier and Antie
Freres.
Witnesses : The parents.
Jonas, child of Johannes Freres, Jr., and Sarah Bever.
Witnesses : Jonas Freres and wife Catrina.
Mar. 29. Antie, child of Abraham Kool and Sarah Sluyter.
Witnesses : Hannes and Annatie Sluyter.
I09
April 12. Lisabeth, child of George Forgeson and Lisa-
beth Davis.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 10. James, child of Abraham Danielson and Elisabeth
Achmudy.
Witnesses : David and Hester Achmudy.
Aug. 30. Margritt, child of Daniel York and Maria V.
Aake.
Witnesses : Jan and Grittie V. Aake.
Sept. 13. Anna, child of Hanyorg Lucker and Lisabet
Wind.
Witnesses : Philip Alsdorf and Anna Rang.
Petrus, child of Abraham Klaarwaater and Lisabeth Burger.
Witnesses : Jacob Sax and wife Mareytie.
Nov. 3. Lea, child of Rulof Litz and Sarah Sluyter.
Witnesses : Evert Sluyter and wife Lea.
Dec. 20. Sarah, child of Fitter Dojo and Elisabeth Helm.
Witnesses : Isaak Van Wagene, Jr., and wife Sarah.
Elisabeth, child of John Terwilliger and Maria Van
Wagene.
Witnesses : Johannes Louw, Jr., and Rachel Van Wagene.
Dec. 24. Cathrina, child of Petrus Vander Merke and
Elena Wood.
Witnesses : Edwerd Wood and wife Cathrina.
Dec. 25. Grittie, child of Petrus Oostrander and Christiana
Rang.
Witnesses : Lourentz and Grittie Rang.
1762, Jan. 3. Maria, child of Pitter Burger and Margritt
Sluyter.
Witnesses : Henerik Ses and Maria Sluyter.
Jan. 31. Elias, child of Aldert Ploeg and Cornelia Sluyter.
Witnesses : Jacob Berger and wife Sarah.
Feb. 14. Catrin, child of Joseph Griffin and Margritt
Wilier.
Witnesses : Henerik and Maria Wesemiller.
Simon, child of Jacob Winfield and Cathrina Helm.
Witnesses : Jacob and Margritt Helm.
Feb. 28. Brechie, child of Gerret and Maria Freres.
Witnesses : Jonas Frere and Grittie Louw.
I lO
Simon, child of Abraham Helm and Cathrina Smedes.
Witnesses : Fitter Dojo and wife Elisabeth.
June 6. Joseph, child of Joseph Coddington and Cathrina
Vander Merken.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 20. Marl, child of Jonathan Terwilliger and Maria
Freres.
M^itnesses : Daniel and Mareytie Freres.
Aug. 15. Derk, child of Bodewyn and Elisabeth Teer-
penning.
Witnesses : Simon Alsdorff and wife Maria.
Sept. 26. Maria, child of John Etkens and Margrith
Sluyter.
Witnesses David Etkens and Neeltie Sluyter.
Oct. 17. Petrus, child of Johannes Hardenberg, Jr., and
Maria Lefefer.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefefer and wife Elisabeth.
Nov. 21. Samuel, child of Benjamin Dubois and Maria
Beviers.
Witnesses : Andres and Sarah Beviers.
Jannetie, child of Isaak Dojou and Echie Freres.
Witnesses : The parents.
Marteynes, child of Johannes Freres and Sarah Beever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 19. Wouter, child of Jacob Berger and Sarah Schney-
der.
Witnesses : Wouter and Anganitta Schneyder.
Philip, child of Abraham Lefefer and Maria Bevier.
Witnesses : Corneles Brink and wife Hester.
1763, Feb, 13. Abraham, child of Daniel Dojou and
Margritt Lefefer.
Witnesses : Abraham Dojou and wife Elisabeth.
March 27. Joseph, child of Simon Dubois and Cathrina
Lefefer.
Witnesses : The parents.
Mareytie, child of Isaak Freres and Hester Jansen.
Witnesses : Petrus Van Wagenen and wife Saartie.
Sarah, child of Derk Keiser and Sarah De Lang.
Witnesses : Jacob and Mareya Sluyter.
1 1
1
April 17. Elisa, child of Jacobus Bevirs and Antie Freres.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 1. Daniel, child of Williem Litz and Deborah Smit.
Witnesses : Johannes Smit and Helletie Litz.
Josia, child of Christian Dojou, Jr., and Alida Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Moses Dojou and wife Claartie.
Jannetje, child of Johannes Kleyn and Elisabeth Keyser.
Witnesses : Fitter and Helegond Muller.
Johannes, child of Antoney Lepold Friderich Wilkenlow and
An Marie Glaserin.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 5. Sarah, child of Petrus Lefefer and Elisabeth
Vernoy.
Witnesses : Johannes Lefefer and Maria Vernoy.
June 19. Koenrad, child of Hyeronymus Burger and Lena
Sluyter.
Witnesses : Koenerad and Cathrin Burger.
July 17. Benjamin, child of Jacobus Hasbroek and Divertie
Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Elisabeth Van Wagenen.
July 31. Elias, child of Hannes Dojou and Sarah Van
Wagenen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. II. Debora, child of Petrus Ostrander and Christina
Rang.
Witnesses : Jonathan Ostrander and Deborah Borehans.
Nov. 6. Johannes, child of Jan Teerpenning and Elisabeth
Alsdorf.
Witnesses : Han Yorey Rang and wife Claartie.
Jeremias, child of Henerich and Maria Wesmuller.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 4. Jonathan, child of Jonathan Terwilliger and Marie
Freres.
Witnesses : Joseph Freres and sister Wyntie.
1764, Jan. I. Augustynus, child of Petrus Vander Merke
and Helena Wood.
Witnesses : Benjamin Isak Freres and Lea Vander Merken.
Feb. 12. Lucas, child of Fitter Dojou and Elisabeth Helm.
Witnesses : Jan Terwilliger and wife Maria.
I 12
April 8. Elisabeth, child of Andres Lefefer and Rachel
Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Benjamin, child of Bodewyn and Elisabeth Teerpenning.
Witnesses : Benjamin Freres and wife Elisabeth.
Elsjie, child of Gerret and Maria Freres.
Witnesses : Elisa Freres and Elsie Haasbroek.
May 13. Sarah, child of Benjamin Hasbroek and Lidya
Schonmaker.
Witnesses : Willem Osterhout and wife Sarah.
Maria, child of Joseph Coddington and Cathrina Vander
Merken.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 31. Lucas, child of Jan Tervvilligen and Maria Van
Wagenen.
Witnesses : Johannes Hardenbergh, Jr., and wife Maria.
June 3. Henerik, child of David Ekkert and Maretie
Ploeg.
Witnesses : Emerich Scbreyfer and wife Elisabeth.
July 8. Maria, child of Henery Green and Maria Dojou.
Witnesses : Matheus Lefefer and wife Margritt.
Daniel, child of Zacharias Sluyter and Breghie York.
Witnesses : Daniel and Weyntie Freres.
Rachel, child of Joseph Griffin and Margritta Wieler.
Witnesses : John Griffin and Rachel Smith.
Johannes, child of Denie Relie and Mareytie Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Nathanael Lefefer and wife Mareytie.
Sept. 9. John, child of John Windfiel and Elisabeth
Schmith.
Witnesses : Isaak Windfiel, young man, and Maria Wind-
fiel, young woman.
Sept. 23. David, child of Roelof Lits and Sarah Sluyter.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Maria Sluyter, young man and
young woman.
Jerzok, child of Christoffel Dojou and Debora Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Salomon Louw and wife Judik.
Moses, child of Daniel York and Maria Van Aken.
Witnesses : Moses York and wife Maria.
113
Madlena, child of Daniel Lefefer and Cathrina Cantyn.
Witnesses : Petrus Cantyn and wife Magdalena.
Oct. 21. Jonathan, child of Loys I. Dubois and Cathrina
Eroded.
Witnesses .- Charols W. and Geertruyd Eroded, young man
and young woman.
Nov. 4. Sarah, child of Jacob Sluyter and Lidia Keyser.
Witnesses : Evert Sluyter and wife Lea.
Dec. 2. Salomon, child of Jan Hasbroek and Rachel Van
Wagenen.
Witnesses : Jacobus Hasbroek and wife Dievertie.
1765, Feb. 24. Elisabeth, child of Andres Dubois and
Sarah Lefefer.
Witnesses : Nathanael and Cornelia Dubois, young man and
young woman.
Mareytie, child of Daniel Dojou and Margritt Lefefer.
Witnesses : Nathanael Lefefer and wife Mareytie.
Apr. 14. Laura, child of Petrus Ostrander and Cristina
Rang.
Witnesses : Helmus and Lena Ostrander, young man and
young woman.
Isaak, child of Isaak Freres and Hester Janson.
Witnesses : Jonathan Terwilliger and wife Maria,
Apr. 28. Cathrina, child of Han York Luker and Elisabeth
Wagener.
May 26. Jacob, child of Friderich Wilkelow and Ana
Marie Glaserin.
Witnesses : the parents.
The following baptisms have been copied from a book
marked 4. The heading of this record is in Dutch, the trans-
lation of which is as follows :
" Baptismal register of the new
Congregation founded at the New Paltz, on August 29 and 30,
1767."
Aug. 30, Do. Rysdyk has baptized :
1767, Aug. 30. Rachel, child of Philippus DuBoys and
Anna Heuwe.
Witnesses : Rachel DuBoys and David Low.
Marytje, child of Gerrit Aartse Van Wagenen and Annatje
Bosch.
Witnesses : James Van Wagenen and wife Mafgtiet Middag.
114
Henricus, child of Teunis Oosterhoud and Johanna Helm.
Witnesses : Petrus Cool and Annatje Dewit, his wife.
1768, Jan. 25. Sarah, child of Rulof Elting and Maria Low.
Witnesses : Dirk Dirksen Wynkoop and wife Sarah Elting.
Catharyntien, child of Salomon Low and Judic Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Jan Lamater and wife Catharina Van Vliet.
May 25 ; born May 6. Catharina, child of Petrus Van
Wagena and Sara Low.
Witnesses : Abraham Een and wife Catharina Van Wagena.
Born March 9. Catharina, child of Cornells Low and
Elizabeth Schoonmaker.
Witnesses : Adriaan Wynkoop and wife Catharina Low.
Mattheus, child of Abraham Hes and Catharina Sparreks.
Nov. 8 ; born Oct. 18. Elias, child of Abraham Een and
Catharina Van Wagena.
Witnesses : Aart Hansz and Rebecca Van Wagena.
1769, Aug. 22 ; born July 4. Geertje, child of Dirk D.
Wynkoop and Sara Eltinge.
Witnesses ; Dirk Wynkoop and Geertje Cool, his wife.
Born May 31. Catryntje, child of Roelof Josiasz Eltinge
and Maria Louw.
Witnesses : Salomon and Catryntje Eltinge.
1770, Jan. 29; born Dec. 15, 1769. Salomon, child of
Salomon Louw and Judick Van Vliet.
Born Dec. 8, 1769. Magdalena, child of Abraham Elting
and Dina Duboys.
Witnesses
: Josia Elting and wife Magdalena Duboys.
May 26 ; born Feb. 26. Philippus, child of Henrikus Du-
bois, Jr., and Rebecka Van Wagenen.
Aug. 10 ; born June 14. Lucas, child of Petrus Van
Wagenen and Sarah Louw.
Oct. 29. Johannes, child of Abraham Hess and Catharina
Sparrecks.
1771, May 26; born Feb. 17. Rachel, child of Abraham
Een and Cathrina Van Wagena.
Witnesses
: Rachel Van Wagena and Petrus Schoonmaker.
Born Feb. 21. Nancy, child of Daniel Wood and Mar-
garetha Tomer.
115
Born April 26. Abraham, child of Jacob Chiedly and
Hester Klaarwater.
Witnesses : Eva and Abraham Klaarwater.
Born Jan. 4. Abraham, child of Cornelis Louw and Eliza-
beth Schoonmaker.
Witnesses : Cornelis Cool and wife Maria Schoonmaker.
Born Jan. 27. Jannetje, child of Roelof Jo. Eltinge and
Maria Louw.
Born March 27. Samuel and Lea, twins of Abraham Smedes
and Geertje Zwart.
Witnesses : Josua Smedes, Beletje Smedes, and Aldert Rosa.
Oct. 14 ; born Aug. 12. Cornelia, child of D. Dirck Wyn-
koop and Sarah Elting.
Witnesses : Mattheus Ten Eyck and wife Cornelia Wynkoop.
Born June 22. Daniel, child of Isac Louw and Francisca
Everit.
Witnesses : Petrus Van Wagenen and wife Sarah Louw.
1772, May 21 ; born Feb. 26. Maria, child of Henricus Du-
Boys, Jr. and Rebecca Van Wagena.
Witnesses : Gerrit Van Wagena and wife Marytje Frair.
1773, Feb. 24 ; born Oct. 30, 1772. Cornelia, child of Dirck
D. Wynkoop and Sarah Elting.
Witnesses : Mattheus Ten Eyck and wife Cornelia Wyn-
koop.
Born Sept. 18, 1772. Maria, child of Petrus V. Wagenen
and Sarah Louw.
Witnesses : Rulof Elting and wife Maria Louw.
Born Dec. 10. Esther, child of Isac Louw and Francisca
Beverit.
May 10 ; born March 24 ;
Johannes, child of Roelef J.
Eltinge and Maria Low.
Witnesses : Jacob Low and Antje Low.
1774, Feb. 2. Gerrat, child of Hendrik DuBoys, Jr., and
Rebecca V. Wagenen.
Witnesses : Jan V. Wagenen and wife Gritjen Louw.
Nov. 13 ; born July 26. Roeleph, child of Roeleph J. El-
tinge and Maria Low.
Born Aug. 20. Isaak, child of Isaak Low and Fransciska
Evert.
ii6
Born Aug. i. Henry, child of Methusalem Dubois and
Geertruyd Bruyn.
Witnesses : Henry Dubois, Jr., and Rebecca Van Wagenen.
Dec. II ; born Nov. 21. Jacobus, child of Cornelius Du-
bois, Jr., and Geertruyd Bruyn.
Witnesses : Jacobus, Sr., and Maria Bruyn.
1775, Feb. s ; born Dec. 5, 1774. Ann, child of Gerardus-
Hardenbergh and Ann Ryerson.
March 5 ; born Dec. 22, 1774. Jamyme, child of
David Wilson and Hannah Comfort.
Born Dec. 7, 1774. Sartye, child of Garret Dekker and.
Margrita Cok.
Oct. 29. Aert, child of Petrus Van Wagenen and.
Sarah Low.
Witnesses : Aert Van Wagenen and Rebecca Frair.
Maria, child of Roeleph Elting and Maria Low,
Dec. 3. Johannis, child of Matthew McAvey and Yannetje
Tapper.
1776, .\pril 14; born March 28. Elizabeth, child of David
Low and Rachel Delemetre.
Witnesses : Salomon Low and Sarah Bosch.
May 12 ; born April 23. Yannetje, child of Hendricus Du-
bois, Jr., and Rebecca Van Wagenen.
Witness : Margret Hue.
June 16 ; born April 12. Margreta, child of Gerardus Har-
denbergh and Nancy Ryerson.
July 7 ; born June 17. Cornelius Bruyn, child of Methusa-
lem Dubois and Geertruyde Bruyn.
Witnesses : Cornelius Dubois, Jr., and wife Geertruyde
Bruyn.
Born June 11. Abraham, child of Johannes Battel Volk and
Lena Rose.
Witnesses : Abraham Rose and Maria Denport.
Born June 30. Lydia, child of Johannes Sluyter and Eliza--
beth Keyser.
Nov. 10 ; born Sept. 4. Yannetye, child of Simeon Ralyea
and Magdelena Deyoe.
Dec. 15 ; born Nov. 19. Jacobus, child of Cornelius Du-
bois, Jr., and Geertruyde Bruyn.
117
I777> Feb. 2 ; born Dec. 29, 1776. Yannetje, child of Isaac
Low and Francisca Everit.
March 9 ; born Jan. 31. Jonathan, child of Wilhelmus
Schoonmaker and Cathrina Low.
1778, Feb. I ; bom Dec. 22, 1777. Tryntye, child of Me-
thusalem Dubois and Geertruyde Bruyn.
April 26 ; born April 24. Catelyna, child of David
Low and Rachel Delemetre.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Elizabeth Delemetre.
Born April 22. Wilhelmus, child of Cornelius Elting and
Blandina Almendorf.
Witnesses : Coenraet W. Almendorf and Yanneke Low, wid.
of Wilhelmus Almendorf.
May 24 ; born May 14. Jane, child of Cornelius Dubois,
Jr., and Geertruy Bruyn.
July 5 ; born May 17. Sara, child of Petrus Van Wagenen
and Sara Low.
Witnesses : Petrus Bevier and Sarah Low.
Born May 14. Sarah, child of David Soper and Jean Boyd.
Dec. 25 ; born Nov. 15. Methusalem, child of Hendricus
Dubois, Jr., and Rebecca Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Methusalem Dubois and Geertruy Bruyn.
1779, March 21 ; born Feb. r7. Johannis, child of Johannis
Suert and Rachel Garretson.
May 16 ; born May 8. Gideon, child of Petrus Low and
Cathrina Hess.
June 27 ; born June 13. William, child of Wilhelmus
Rosekrans and Yanneke Van Keure.
Baptisms copied from Vol. III. of the New Paltz R. D.
Church Books :
1765, June 9. Cathrina, child of Abraham Helm and Cath-
rina Smedes.
Witnesses : The parents.
Elisabeth, child of Marcus Ostrander and Elisabeth De
Graaf.
Witnesses : Henrik Ostrander and wife Elisabeth.
June 23. Lea, child of Hannes and Annatie Sluyter.
Witnesses : Evert Sluyter and wife Lea.
ii8
Lea, child of Hieronymus Burger and Lena Sluyter.
Witnesses : Evert Sluyter and wife Lea.
July 7. Weyntie, child of Abraham Claarwater and Elisa-
beth Schoonmaker.
Witnesses : Frederik and Mareytie Claarwater, young man
and young daughter.
John, child of Williem Hood and Anna Griffin.
Witnesses : George and Cathrina Huber.
Janeke, child of Petrus Lefefer and Elisabeth Vernoi.
Witnesses : Andris DeWit and wife Janeke.
July 21. Margritt, child of Johannes Freres, Jr., and Sarah
Bever.
Witnesses : Simon Freres, young man, and Sarah Bevirs,
young woman.
Oct. 27. David, child of Isaak Dojou and Eggie Freres.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 9. Rebecka, child of Edwerd Wood and Cathrina
Vandermerk.
Witnesses : Aardt Van Wagene and wife Rebecca.
1766, Jan. 19. Maria, child of Bodowyn and Elisabat
Taerpenning.
Witnesses : Petrus Ostrander and wife Cristina.
Eva, child of Hans Bartel Volk and Lena Roos.
Witnesses : Gysabert and Maria Roos, young man and
young woman.
Feb. 2. David, child of Joseph Coddihgton and Cathrina
Vandermerke.
Witnesses : The parents.
Jonathan, child of Christian Dojou and Alida Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Johannes and Margritt Dojou, young man and
young woman.
Margritta, child of Nicolaas Sluyter and Neeltie Wilier.
Witnesses : Corneles and Margritt Sluyter, young man and
young woman.
Feb. 23. Maria, child of Jacob Berger and Sarah Sluyter.
Witnesses : Abraham Crom and wife Maria.
March 16. Maria, child of Joseph Terwilliger and Annatie
Weller.
Witnesses Willem Weller and wife Maria.
119
March 30. Edward, child of Petrus Vahder Merke and
Lena Woed.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 13. Maria, child of Zacharias Sluyter and Brechie
York.
Witnesses : Moses York and wife Maria.
Annatie, child of Johannes Klyn and Elisabeth Keyser.
Witnesses : Johannes Sluyter and wife Annatie.
Elisabeth, child of John Teerpenning and Elisabeth Alsdorf.
Witnesses : Denie Relie and wife Mareytie.
April 27. Isaak Freres, child of Jonathan Terwilliger and
Marie Freres.
Witnesses ; Abraham Dojou and wife Battle.
May 25. Simon Lefefer, child of Abraham Dojou, Jr., and
Elsje Lefefer.
Witnesses : Andres Lefefer, Jr., young man, and mother
Petronella.
June 15. Margritta, child of Johannes Smidt and Roseyntje
Van Aake.
Witnesses : Henrick Smidt and wife, Sarah Shmidt. (sic)
June 29. Simon, child of Henry Green and Maria Dojou.
Witnesses : Simon Dubois and wife Catreyntie.
July 13. Daniel, child of David Eckert and Maritie Ploeg.
Witnesses : Daniel York and wife Maria.
July 27. Sarah, child of Jan Terwilliger and Maria Van
Wagene.
Witnesses : Kobus Hasbroek and wife Divertie.
Aug. 10. Cornelia, child of Andres Lefefer and Rachel
Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 24. Jacobus, child of Marcus Ostrander and Elisabeth
DeGraaf.
Witnesses : Jacobus DeGraaf, young man ; Jannetie De-
Graaf, young woman.
Sept. 7. Ariantie, child of Willem Elsworth and Jannetie
Deen.
Witnesses : Jorsy Deen and Ariantie his wife.
Oct. 26. Roelef, child of Petrus Hasbroek and Sarah
Bevirs.
Witnesses : Abraham Bevirs and wife Margritt.
I20
Cathrina, child of Fitter Dojou and Lisabeth Helm.
Witnesses : J. M. Goetschius and wife Cathrina.
Nov. 23. Maria, child of Johannes Dojou and Sarah Van
Wagenen.
Witnesses : Abraham Van Wagene, Jr., young man ; Maria
Van Wagene, young woman.
Geesje, child of Johannes Walran and Elisabeth Ein.
Witness : Margritt Ein, young woman.
Lydia, child of Cristoffel Dojou and Debora Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Jan Freres and wife Lydia.
Dec. 26. Maria, child of Joseph Griffin and Margritt
Whiler.
Witnesses : The parents.
1767, Jan. I. Elisabeth, child of Daniel Freres, Jr., and
Annatie Dojou.
Witnesses : Fitter Dojou and wife Elisabeth.
Feb. 15. Debora, child of Denie Rellie and Maria Van
Vliet.
Witnesses : Christoffel Dojou and wife Debora.
Levi, child of Petrus Ostrander and Christina Rang.
Witnesses : Stoffel Ostrander and wife Aaltie.
March i. Johannes, child of Jan Hasbroek and Rachel
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Aardt Job. and Annatie Van Wagene, young
man and young woman.
Elsjie, child of Daniel Dojou and Margritt Lefefer.
Witnesses : Abraham Dojou, Jr., and Maria Dojou, young
woman.
April 13. Charels, child of Loys I. Dubois and Cathrina
Broadhet,
Witnesses : The parents.
Annatie, child of Fetrus Borehans and Debora Ostrander.
Witnesses : Johannes Fort and wife Rebecca.
Born Feb. 15, 1766, Charity, child of Martynus Grififin and
Rachel Sopus.
Witnesses : Joseph Terwilliger and wife Annatje.
April 26. Isaak, child of Fetrus Lefefer and Elisabeth
Vernoy.
Witnesses : Corneles I. Vernoy and wife Maria.
121
May lo. Simon, child of Andres Dubois and Sarah Lefefer.
Witnesses : Simon Dubois and wife Cathryntie.
Martynus, child of Gerret and Maria Freres.
Witnesses : Jacobus Bevirs and wife Antie.
May 31. Sarah, child of Hermanus, Ostrander and Barbara
Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Andres Dubois and wife Sarah.
Johannes, child of Petrus Ancton and Margritta Dojou.
Witnesses : Christian Dojou and wife Alida.
July 12. Maria, child of Johannes Hardenberg, Jr., and
Maria Lefefer.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefefer and wife Cathrina.
Aug. 23. Elsjie, child of Joseph Freres and Sartie Ter-
williger.
Witnesses : Benjamin Freres, young man, and Elsjie Ter-
williger, young woman.
Elisabeth, child of Johannes Smidt and Roseyntie Van Aake.
Witnesses : Jan Windfiel and wife Elisabeth.
Cathryntie, child of Josaphat Hasbroek and Cornelia
Dubois.
Witnesses : Simon Dubois and wife Catreyntie.
Levi, child of Johannes Freres Jr. and Sara Bever.
Witnesses : Jonas Freres Jr., young man, and Fenny Everit,
young woman.
Sept. 6. Maria, child of Heronumus Burger and Lena
Sluyter.
Witnesses : Jacob Sax and wife Maria.
Oct. 25 ; born Oct. 20
;
Jacob, child of Jacob Hasbroek and
Jennetie Dubois.
Witnesses : Loejs Bevirs and wife Hester.
Hugo, child of Daniel Freres and Maria Helm.
Witnesses : Hugo Freres and wife Hester.
Lena, child of Johannes Bartel Vol and Lena Roos.
Witnesses : John Parker and wife Lena.
Nov. 22. Jannetie, child of Johannes and Anna Sluyter.
Witnesses : The parents.
Benjamin, child of Jonathan Terwilliger and Marie Freres.
Witnesses : Benjamin Isaak Frerers, young man, and Maria
Dojou, young woman.
122
Dec. 6. Benjamin, child of Benjamin Dojou and Jenneke
Van Vliet.
Witnesses : The parents.
Johannes, child of Matheus Decker and Magdalena Bevirs.
Witnesses : Johannes Decker, young man, and Jaccomyntie
Bevirs, young woman.
Annatie, child of Matheus Maste and Margritt Weller.
Witnesses : Joseph Terwilliger and wife Annatie.
Dec. 31. Maria, child of Daniel Freres, Jr., and Annatie
Dojou.
Witnesses : Jonathan Terwilliger and wife Maria.
1768, March 20; born Oct. 26, 1767; Lourenz, child of
Marteynus Griffin and Rachel Soper.
Witnesses : Isaak Freres and wife Hester.
May 8. Jacob, child of Henery Green and Maria Dojoux,
Witnesses : The parents.
May 22. Elisabeth, child of Daniel Dojou and Margritt
Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 5. Benjamin, child of Joseph Caddington and Cath-
rina Vandermerk.
Witnesses : The parents.
Moses, child of Christian Dojou Jr., and Alida Terwilliger.
Witnesses ; The parents.
July 3. Nathan, child of Fitter Dojou and Elisabeth Helm.
• Witnesses : Abraham Jr., and Maria Dojou, young woman.
July 17. Elisabeth, child of Jacobus Hasbroek and Diver-
tie Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Petrus, child of Henerich Wesemuller and Maria Rippig-
hausen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 23. Marya,. child of Daniel Dubois and Cathrina
Lefever.
Witnesses : Abraham Lefever and wife Maria.
September 25. Anna, child of Petrus Ostrander and Chris-
tina Ranck.
Witnesses : Denie Rellie Jr., young man, and Anna Rank,
young woman.
123
Oct. 9. Ardt, child of John Terwilliger and Maria Van
Wagene.
Witnesses : Ardt Jr., and Elisabeth Van Wagene, young man
and young woman.
Simon, child of Petrus Hasbroek and Sarah Bevirs.
Witnesses : Jacobus Hasbroek and wife' Dievertie.
Nov. 6. Mareya, child of Marcus Ostrander and Elisabeth
Degraff.
Witnesses : Jonathan Ostrander and wife Lydia.
Nov. 20. Elisabeth, child of Abraham Bevirs, Jr., and Maria
Dubois.
Witnesses : Cornelius Vernoy and wife Cornelia.
1769, Jan. 22. Johannes, child of Johannes and Elisabeth
Kleyn.
Witnesses : Nicolaas Albartus and wife Cornelia.
Feb. 5. Lydia, child of Sem Sammons and Rachel Schon-
maker.
Witnesses : Benjamin Hasbroek and wife Lydia.
David, Child of Moses Freres and Judik Van Aake.
Witnesses : Benjamin Freres and wife Elisabeth.
March 5. Sarah, child of Andres Lefefer and Rachel
Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
March 14. Zacharias, child of Isaak Freres and Hester
Jansen.
Witnesses : Zacharia Jansen young man, and sister Rachel,
young woman.
Maria, child of John Teerpenning and Elisabeth Alsdorpf.
Witnesses : Simon Alsdorff and wife Maria.
Johannes and Kobus, children of Willem Whiller and Mar-
gritt Killy.
March 19. Johannes, child of Johanrues Bartel Volk and
Lena Roos.
Witnesses : Abraham Klaarwater and sister Eva.
April 30. Johannes, child of Petrus Vandermerke and
Helena Woedt.
Witnesses : The parents.
June II, Mareya, child of David Ostrander and Engeltie
Kouwenover.
Witnesses : Hans Kouwenover and wife Cathrina.
124
Maria, child of Henerik Dojou and Jannetie Schut.
Witnesses : Jan Terwilliger and wife Maria.
June 25. Abraham, child of Petrus Lefever and Lisabeth
Vernoy.
Witnesses : Jacob Bevirs and wife Annatie.
Corneles, child of Johannis Freres, Jr., and Sarah Beaver.
Witnesses : The parents,
July 6. Johannes, child of Jacob Berger and Sarah Sluyter.
Witnesses : Johannes Blaynjohn and wife Rochelle.
July 7. Anna Cathrina, child of Frederick Heyms and
Seletie Griffin.
Witnesses : Johan Frederick Heyms and wife Rosina Bar-
bara.
July 23. Abraham, child of Denie and Maria Kelie (or
Relie ?)
Witnesses : Abraham Lefever and wife Maria.
Aug. 6. Weyntie, child of Josaphat Hasbrouque and Cor-
nelia Dubois.
Witnesses : David Hasbrouque, Young Man and Weyntie
Hasbrouque, widow.
Sept. 3. Andres, child of Nathanael Lefever and Maria
Dojou.
Witnesses : Andres Lefever and wife Rachel—child's grand-
parents.
Oct. 15. Johannes, child of Henricus Rosekrantz and
Maria Hardenberg.
Witnesses : John Hasbroek, Young Man, and Tryntie Van
Wagene, Young Woman.
Oct. 29. Margritt, child of Daniel Freres and Maria Helm.
Witnesses : Jacob Helm and wife Margritt.
Nov. 26. Johannes, child of Johannes Walderon and Elisa-
beth Enn.
Witnesses : The parents.
1770, Jan. 21. Edward, child of Hieronymus Burger and
Lena Sluyter.
Witnesses : Everd Sluyter and wife Lea.
Simon, child of Elisa Freres and Martha Everit.
Witnesses ; Gerret Freres and wife Marya.
125
Feb. 4. Johanna, child of Petrus Ostrander and Cristina
Rang.
Witnesses: Gideon Ostranderand Anna Rang,Young Woman.
March 4. Nathanael, child of Daniel Dojou and Margritt
Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
March 18. Elisabeth, child of Joseph Coddington and
Cathrina Vandermerken.
Witnesses : The parents.
Loura, child of Joseph Terwilliger and Annatie Weller.
Witnesses : Evert Hoffman, Young Man, and Marya Weller,
Young Woman.
April 24. Maria, child of Christiaan Doyo, Jr., and Alida
Terwilger.
Witnesses : The parents.
Albartus, child of Abraham Kool and Sara Sluyter.
Witnesses : Albartus and Annaatje Sluyter.
Apr. 29. Leentje, child of Jacob Windfield and Cathrina
Helm.
Witnesses : Jimmy Keen and wife Leentje Windfield.
Christoffel, child of Henry Green and Maria Dejo.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 6. Daniel, child of Petris Smedes, Jr., and Elsje Hase-
broek.
Witnesses : David and Weyntje Hasebroek.
May 27. Sarah, child of Jacob Jacobse Freres and Mar-
griet Een.
Witnesses : Jacob Freres, Jr., and wife Sarah.
Isaak, child of Zacharias Sluyter and Brechie York.
Witnesses : Isaak Freres and wife Hester.
July I. Petrus, child of Benjamin Sluyter and Margritt
Bernert.
Witnesses : Wilhelmus Sluyter, Young Man, and Catrin
Bernet, Young Woman.
July 13. Gerret, child of Gerret, Jr., and Maria Freer.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 15 ; born June 20. Johnny, child of Marteynus Griffta
and Rachel Sopus.
Witnesses : Petrus Schoonmaker and wife Rachel.
126
Maria, child of Johannes Hardenberg, Jr., and Maria
Lefefer.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefefer and wife Cathrina.
Jannetie, child of Jonas Frers, Jr., and Magdalena Bevirs.
Witnesses : Jacobus Bevirs and wife Antie.
Aug. 26. Jonas, child of Loejs Jonath. Dubois and Catrina
Broadhet.
Witnesses : The parents.
Loura, child of Jacob Frers, Jr., and Sarah Freres.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 9. Sarah, child of Abraham Bevirs, Jr., and Maria
Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 21. Adam, child of Derk Keyser and Sara Delang.
Witnesses : Adam Hofman and Elisabeth Van Wagenen.
Nov. 5. Philippus, child of Petrus I. Schonmaker and
Rachel Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Jan Terwilliger and wife Maria.
1771, March 17. Maria, child of Joseph Freer and Sara
Terwilger.
Witnesses : Jonathan and Maria Terwilgter.
Benjamin, child of Frederick Heyms and Seelitje Griffin.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Maria Dubois.
June 16. Abraham, child of Hendrik Wesemiller and Maria
Rippighausen.
Witnesses : Abraham Le Fevre and wife Maria Bevier.
Sept. 12. Jerimia, child of Petrus Haasbrouk and Sara
Bevier.
Jesaja, child of Wuoter Sluyter and Margriet Bartin.
Abram, child of Nathaniel Lafaver and Maria De Yoo.
Witnesses : Abram De Yoo and Elizabeth DeBois.
Sept. 29. Moses, child of Paulus Freer and Lisabeth Van
Wagenen.
Witnesses ; Hugo Freer and wife Hester.
Nelly, child of Jeremias Lindebecker and Nelly DeLang.
David, child of Johannes Vreer and Sarah Bever.
Oct. 3. John, child of Joh. Griffin and Margriet Wieler.
127
Oct. 6. Nelly, child of Frans De Lange and Grietje Helle-
beeker.
Dec. 29. Catharina, child of Jonas Freer, Jr., and Magda-
lena Bevier.
Witnesses : Johannes Freer, Jr., and wife Sarah Bevier.
Catharina, child of Stephanas Eckert and Maria Dekker.
Daniel, child of Josaphat Haasbrouck and Cornelia Du
Bois.
David, child of Jonathan Terwilliger and Maria Freer.
Witnesses : Benjamin Terwilliger and wife Elsje Freer.
1772, Feb. 16 ; born, Jan. 27. David, child of Martynus
Griffen and Ragel Sope.
Witnesses : David Sope, Nelly Griffen.
Born Jan. i. Abraham, child of Henry Green and Maria
De Joo.
Absalom, child of Matheus Maesten and Margriet Weller.
Witnesses : Cornelius Maasten and wife' Dina Ellen.
Born Jan. 15. Rochelle, child of Petrus Fiele and Maria
Romyn.
July 8. Elias, child of Jacob J. Freer and Margariet Ein.
Maria, child of Daniel York and Maria Van Aaken.
Witnesses : Petrus and Maria York.
Esther, child of Joseph Coddington and Catharina Van de
Merken.
Oct. 30. Claartje, child of Christiaan De Jo and Alida Ter-
willige.
Daniel, child of Daniel Freer and Maria Helm.
Elisa, child of Wilhelmus Oostrander and Saratje Rallie.
Witnesses : Denier Rallie and Maria Van Vliet.
Nov. I. Samuel, child of John Terwilligen and Maria Van
Wagenen.
William, child of Hendrick Dejo and Ja:nnetje Schut.
Witnesses : Simeon Ralje, Jr., and Lena Dujo.
Johannes, child of Frederick Heymes and Sealy Griffen.
Witnesses : Martin and Maria Root.
Nov. 22. Hugo, child of Zacharias Sluyter and Breche
York.
Witnesses : Petrus and Maria York.
128
1773, May 9. Margarita, child of Cornelius DeBoys, Jr.,
and Geertruy Bruyn,
Witnesses : Cornelius DeBoys and Margarita Van Hoog-
teelink.
Jonathan, child of Daniel De Yoo and Maragriet LaFever.
Born December 27, i772. Abram, child of Petrus Van De
Merken and Helena Wood.
Born Feb. 13, 1773. Abram, child of Petrus J. Schoon-
maker and Rachel Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Abram Een and Catharina Van Wagenen.
Esther, child of Daniel Freer, Jr., and Annatje Deyoo.
Witnesses : Isaac Freer and Esther J.ansen.
Moses, child of Matheus and Elizabeth La Fever.
Witnesses : Daniel La Fever and Catharina Cantinne.
Petrus Edmundus, child of Petrus Smedes, Jr., and Elsje
Hasbrouk.
Witnesses : Jacob Smedes and Maria Dekker.
Elisa, child of Henrikus Teerpenning and Maria Van
Aaken.
Witnesses : Eliza and Sophia Van Aaken.
Mary, child of Robert Masters and Mary Parker.
Jenneke, child of Tuenis Van Vliet and Lammertje
Romeyn.
Aug 12 ; born Aug. 2. Ammelena, child of Benjamin Sluy-
ter and Maragrieta Berner.
Witnesses : Wilhelmus and Jannetje Sluyter.
Born July 28. Maragriet, child of Gerret and Maria Freer.
Oct. 3. Benjamin, child of Gerhardus Hardenberg and
Nancy Reyersen.
Oct. 10. Wyntje, child of Josaphat Haasbroek and Cornelia
De Boi.
Luwis, child of Nathaniel Leffeber and Maria De Jo.
Hester, child of Simeon Lenjee, Jr., and Magdelena De Jo.
Robert, child of Willem Hoed and Anaetje Sluyter.
Nov. 20. Abraham, child of Joseph Hasbrouk and Eliza-
beth Bevier.
Witnesses : Abraham Hasbrouk and Catharina Bruyn.
129
Lidia, child of David Oostrander and Engeltje Cowenover.
Nov. 21. Eva, child of Johannes Smith and Jesyntje Van
Aken.
Witnesses : Johannes and Eva Ekker.
Elizabeth, child of Ephraim Keyser and Lena Kleyn.
Witnesses : Johannes and Elizabeth Kleyn.
1774, Jan. 19. Joseph, child of Benjamin Haasbrouck and
Elidia Schoonmaker.
Mattheus, child of Jan and Maria Le Fevre.
Witnesses : Mattheus Le Fevre and Maria Bevier.
Sarah, child of Jacob Windvield and Cathrina Helm.
Cathrina, child of Frederick Wilkelo and Anna Maria Glaes-
ing.
Lydia, child of Cornelis Canneway and Annatje Sluyter.
Jonathan, child of Albertus Sluyter and Maria Weyt
Jacob, child of Joost Koens and Cathrina Woester.
April 18. Louis Brodhead, child of Louis J. DuBois and
Catharina Brodhead.
Witness : Louis Brodhead.
Rachel, child of Daniel DuBois and Catharina Lefever.
Witnesses : Benjamin Du Bois and Maria Bevier.
Echje, child of Henry Green and Maria De Joo.
Isaac, child of Joseph Freer and Saartje Terwilleger.
Witnesses : Isaac Terwilleger and Rebecka Spinnik.
June 26. Jacob, child of Georgius Wirtz and Esther Has-
brouk.
Witnesses : Jacob Hasbrouk, Jr., and Jannetje DuBois.
Sarah, child of Johannes Waldron and EHzabeth Een.
Witness : Sarah Een.
Born April 28. Leah, child of Martynus Grififin and Rachel
Sooper.
Witnesses : Johannes Dejoo and Lea Vandemerken.
Abram, child of Jeronimus Burger and Lena Sluyter.
Witnesses : Abram Sluyter and Elizabeth Davis.
Ellenor, child of Pieter La Roy and Rachel Mabee.
Witnesses : Jacobus Filkins and Ellenor Phillips.
Sarah, child of Petrus Hasbrouk and Sarah Bevier.
Witnesses : Elias Hasbrouk and Elizabeth Sleght.
I30
Rachel, child of Jonas Freer, Jr., and Magdalena Bevier.
Witnesses : Jonas Freer and Catharina Stokraad.
Abram Salomon, child of Salomon Bevier and Nellie Griffin.
Witness : Margariet Eltinge.
Edward, child of Johannes Parleman and Catharina Van
Stienbergh.
Witnesses : Abram and Lidia Van Stienberg.
July lo. David, child of Petris and Maria Viele.
Sept. 15. Agatta, child of Zacharias Sluyter and Bregje
York.
Annatje, child of Daniel York and Maria Aaken.
Witnesses : Jacob Freer and Annatje Van Aaken.
Abram, child of Johannes Kleyn and Elizabeth Keyser.
Witnesses : Abram Sluyter and Elizabeth Davies.
Dennis, child of Mathew McCavy and Jannetje Tapper.
Ann, child of Joseph Coddington and Catharina Vander
Merken.
Margariet, child of Frederick Heems and Seletje Griffin.
Witness : Margariet Griffin.
Dec. 7. Elizabeth, child of Benjamen Wintfield and An-
natje York.
Maria, child of Samuel Bevier and Rachel Achmody.
Witnesses : Jacob Bevier and Maria York.
1775, March 12. Jacob, child of Simon Dujoo and Antje
Low.
Witnesses : Jacob Low and Rebecca Elting.
John, child of Daniel Dyver and Maragrieta Snies.
Altje, child of Teunus Van Vliet and Lammetje Romeyn.
Jonathen, child of John De Graaf and Annatje Smith.
Benjamin, child of Abraham Sluyter and Elizabeth Davids.
John, child of Roberd Masters and Mary Parker.
May 14. Benjamin, child of Petrus Schoonmaker and
Rachel Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Sarah Van Wagenen.
Daniel, child of Petrus Smedes, Jr., and Elsje Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Jesaias and Weintje Hasbrouck.
131
Tomas (or Jonas ?) and Jesaias, children of Jacob Keter and
Amelena Sluyter.
Witnesses : Dirk Keter, Sarah Delange, Abraham Keter,
and Rachel Keter.
Syme, child of Simeon Rallje, Jr., and Lena Dejo.
July 2. Maria, child of Jan Davids and Eva Helm,
Maria, child of Jacob and Maria Bevier.
Witnesses : Moses and Maria Jerk.
Maria, child of Matthewis and Elizabeth Lefever.
Witnesses : Jan and Maria Lefever.
Aug. lo. Catharina, child of Simon Freer and Annatje
Blanjan.
Witnesses : Gerret, Jr., and Maria Freer.
Abraham, child of William Hood and Annatje Sluyter.
1776, Jan. 21. William child of David Haasbrook and
Maria Hoogland.
Johannis, child of Petrus Lefaver and Elizabeth Van Noy.
Witnesses : Nathan Van Noy and Yannetye Hoornbeck.
Elizabeth, child of Daniel Frear, Jr., and Annatye Deyoe.
Isaac, child of Frederick Wilkeloe and Anna Maria Gleserin.
Elizabeth, child of Nathaniel Feaver and Maria Deyoe.
Cathrina, child of Lowrans Hendrikson and Hanna Win-
field.
Wittnesses : Jacob and Cathrina Winfield.
Roeleph, child of Salomon Bevier and Nelly Griffin.
Wittnesses : Roeleph J. Eltinge and Maria Low.
Elizabeth, child of Paulus Freer and Elizabeth Van Wagenen.
Witnesses ; Abram Een and Cathrina Van Wagenen.
Nancy, child of James McClaghley and Catey Duseney.
Bowdewine, child of Samuel Teerpenning and Maria
Alsdorf.
May 28. Simon, child of Josavat Hasbrouck and Cornelia.
Dubois.
Archer, child of Henry Green and Maria Dojo.
Elisa, child of Elisa Freer and Marta Evered.
Witnesses : Jonas Freer and Maddelena Beyier.
132
Sept. 8. Maria, child of Johannis Smith and Roseyntye
Van Aaken.
Born July 15 ; Andrias, child of Martinus Griffen and.
Rachel Soper.
Witnesses : Andrias and Lena Lefever.
Jacobus, child of Samuel Bevier and Rachel Achtmude.
Maria, child of Abram Dubois and Magdelena Bevier.
Witnesses : Benjamin Dubois and Maria Bevier.
Maria, child of Wouter Sluyter and Margreta Barten.
Oct. 29 ; born Sept. 29. Jacob, child of Georgius Wirtzs.
and Hester Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Jacob and Jannetje Hasbrouck.
Wauter, child of Wilhelmus and Jannetje Sluiter.
Maria, child of Johannes Waldran and Elisabeth Een.
Maragrietje, child of Petrus Hasbrouck and Sara Bavier.
Witnesses : Abraham and Maria Bavier.
Abraham, child of Johannes, Jr., and Maria Lefever.
Witnesses : Abraham and Maria Lefever.
1777, Jan. 5. Annatje, child of Jacob I. Frere and Mar-
grietje Ein.
Elsje, child of Robert Poor and Mary Serjent.
Elisabeth, child of Frederik Hyms and Sieltje Griffen.
Witnesses : Benjamen and Elisabeth Frere.
Maria, child of Petrus Smedes, Jr., and Elsje Hasbrouck.
Matheus, child of Christian Doiau and Alida Terwilliger.
Betsy, child of Mathew McAvie ? and Jane Tappen.
Joseph, child of Simeon Doio and Antje Low.
Maria, child of Jacob Bevier and Maria York.
Witnesses : Moses and Maria York.
Gerret, child of Teunus Van Vliet and Lammetje Romein.
March 12. Josua, child of Jonas Frere and , Magdalena.
Bevier.
Witnesses : Petrus Freer and Annatje Dubois.
May 25. James, child of David Soper and Jane Boyd.
Margriet, child of James Dunn and Anne Lane.
133
June 15. John, child of Salomon Bavier and Elanor
Griffin.
Witnesses : John and EUanor Griffin.
Hester, child of Hugo and Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Hugo Frere and Hester Doiau.
Aug. 24. John, child of Elias and Cornelia Hardenberg.
Witnesses : John, Jr., and Peggy Hardenberg.
Aug. 31. Ann, child of Lowis Dubois and Catarina Broad-
head.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 5. Andreas, child of Isack and Maria Lefever.
Witnesses : Andreas and Rachel Lefever.
Oct. 26. Rachel, child of Petrus I. Schoonmaker and Raghel
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : The parents.
Janes (or James), child of Hendric Tice and Catarina Van
Tessel.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 9. Annatje, child of Simon Frere and Annatje
Blonjan.
Witnesses : Stoffel and Debora Doiou.
Evert, child of Abraham Sluiter and Elisabeth Davisse.
Witnesses : The parents.
_ y . born — ember 14. Samuel, child of Matheus and
Jacomyncha Bavier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Nov. — . Jacob, child of Daniel Frere and Maria
Helm.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 21 ; born Dec. 6. Ezechiel, child of Simeon Low and
Christina McMoUin.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 6. Catarina, child of Abraham Ein and Catarina
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : The parents.
1778, Jan. I ; born Dec. 6, 1777. Maria, child of Mattheus
and Elisabeth Lefever.
Witnesses : John and Maria Lefever.
134
Born Dec. 9, 1777. Maria, child of David Hasbrouck and
Maria Hoogland.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. r ; born Dec. 10, 1777. Maria, child of Daniel Diver
and Margrietje Nies.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 22 ; born Feb. 20. . Ester, child of Paulus Frere and
Elizabeth Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Jonathan and Maria Terwilliger,* Samuel Schoon-
maker, and Annatje Van Wagene.
Jacob, child of Cornelius Keizer and Elsje Etkins.
Witnesses : Jacob Keizer and wife.
April 22 ; born March 12. Maritje, child of Simon Ralyea
and Magdalena Doyo.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 10 ; born April 23. Cornelius, child of Petrus Lefever
and Elizabeth Vernoy.
Witnesses : Isack and Maria Lefever.
May 24 ; born April 23. Agetta, child of Saccharias Sluiter
and Bregje Jork.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born April 26. Elizabeth, child of Thomas Lamonjon and
Catharina Johnson.
Witness : Mother.
Born July 16. Elizabeth, child of Isack Johnson and Hannah
Lemonjon.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 21 ; born May 25, Sartje, child of Matthew McKaby
and Jannetje Tappen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 24. Rachel, child of Nathaneel Lefever and
Maria Doiou.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 27. Thomas, child of Gerardus Hardenberg and
Ann Ryerse.
Witnesses : The parents.
* From the way in which they have been entered in the original it is im-
possible to say whether the Terwilligers were witnesses for Diver or Frere.
135
Bora May 13. John, child of Elisa Frere and Martha
Everet.
Witnesses : Johannes Frere and Sarah Bever.
July 5 ; bom June 5. Elisabeth, child of Johannes Kleyn
and Elizabeth Keyser.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 19 ; born July 10. Moses Depui, child of Ruben De-
Witt and Elizabeth Depuy.
Witnesses : Moses Depuy and Elizabeth Klaarwater.
Born June 30. Jacobus, child of Jacob Bevier and Maria
York.
Witness : Johannes York.
Aug. 23 ; born Aug. 11. Antje, child of Samuel Bavier and
Rachel Agmoedy.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 20 ; born Aug. 11. Rachel, child of Daniel York and
Maria Van Aken.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born March 5. Isack, child of Benjamin Frere and Anna
Parker.
Witness : Benjamin Frere.
Born Aug. 22. Maria, child of Daniel Dubois and Catarina
Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 4 ; born Aug. 26. Maria, child of Wilhelmus and
Jannetje Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 22 ; born Oct. 31. Jannetje, child of Benjamin Doiou
and Jenneke Van Vliedt.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Sept. i ; Petrus, child of Petrus York and Margriet
Van Leuwe.
Witnesses : Petrus Van Leuwe and Regina Velten.
Bom Oct. 29 ; Elisbeth, child of Jacob Shely and Ester
Klaarwater.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 29 ; bom Sept. 27. Jackemyntje, child of Jacobus
Personius and Rachel Keyser.
Witnesses : The parents.
136
Dec. 27 ; born Nov. 29. Jesaias, child of John Terwilliger
and Maria Van Wagene.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 30 ; born Nov. 7. Martynus, child of Martynus Griffin
and Rachel Soper.
Witnesses : David Sopier and Jenne Boid.
1779, Jan. 31 ; born Dec. 28, 1778. Elisabeth, child of
Daniel Doio and Margriet Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 6, 1778. John, child of Tennis Van Vliet and
Lambertje Romyn.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born June 18, 1778 ? Rachel, child of Josaphat Hasbrouck
and Cornelia Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 8, at 2 p.m. Margrietje, child of Salomon Bavier
and Nella Griffin.
Witness : Margrietje Bavier.
Feb. 21 ; bom Feb. 2. Agetta, child of Frederick Hyms
and Seltje Griffin.
Witnesses : The parents.
March 14 ; born Dec. 4, 1778. Eva, child of Henery Green
and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : Christoffel Doio and Eva Douo.
March 14 ; born Dec. 18, 1778. Beletje, child of Wauterus
Sluiter and Margrietje Berton.
Witnesses : The parents.
April II. Maria, child of Daniel Van Leuwe and Elizabeth
Etkins.
Witnesses : Petrus Van Leuwe and Regina Velte.
Elisabeth, child of Frederik Keyzer and Cornelia Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 18 ; born March 24. Samuel, child of Petrus Has-
brouck and Sara Bavier.
Witnesses : Mattheus and Jackemyntje Bavier.
May 16 ; born Dec. 5, 1778. Abraham, child of Isack
Herres and Jannetje Frere.
Witnesses : The parents.
^27
Born Apr. 14, 1779. Elias, child of Jonas Frere and Mag-
dalena Bavier.
Witnesses : Elias and Jannetje Bavier.
May 30; born Jan. 11. Jeny, child of Robin Poor and
Polly Serjent.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 15. Margrietje, child of A.ndries Bavier and
Jakemyntje Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 6 ; born April 5. Nathan, child of Johannes Hoorn-
beek and Maria Vernoy.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 20 ; born May 4. David, child of Joseph Hasbrouck
and Elisabeth Bavier.
Witnesses : David Bevier and Mary Hasbrouck.
Born May . Mary, child of Benjamin Alliger and
Sarah Rosekrans.
Witnesses : Frederick Rosekrans and Ann Moul.
Born May 14. Robert, child of Robert Masters and Mary
Parker.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 12, 1778? Robert, child of Michael Ophrel (?)
and Margriet Hennessey.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born March 16. Jannetje, child of Joseph Frere and Sarah
Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Evert and Maria Terwilliger.
July 4 ; born June 4. Margrietje, child of John Jr. and
Maria Lefevour.
Witnesses : Jonathan Vernoy and Margrietje Lefevour.
Born June 25. Jannetje, child of Georgius Wertz and Ester
Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 31. Magdalena, child of Petrus Smedes, Jr., and
Elsje Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Petrus B. and Elizabeth Smedes.
July 18 ; born June 20. Petrus, child of Isack and Maria
Lefevour.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefevour and Elizabeth Vernoy.
138
Born June 17. Petrus, child of Lourence Hendricks and
Johanna Windtfield.
Witnesses : Daniel and Tryntje Windtfield.
Aug. 8 ; born Aug. 3. Sarah, child of John A. Dewitt and
Rachel Bavier.
Witnesses : Salomon and Sarah Low.
Born June 27. Elias, child of Elias and Cornelia Harden-
berg.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born June 19. Petrus, child of Dirk Jahson and Margrietje
Van Steenberg.
Witnesses : Antonie and Jannetje Frere.
Aug. 29 ; born Aug. 7. Dirk, child of Matheus McCaby
and Jannetje Tappan.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 5 ; born Aug. 15. Abraham, child of Simon Doio and
Antje Low.
Witnesses : Capt. Abraham and Elizabeth Doio.
Sept. 19 ; born Aug. 31. Margrietje, child of Daniel Wood
and Margrietje Tornar.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Sept. 2. Isack, child of Abraham Janson and Catryn-
tje Bavier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 3 ;
born Sept. 23. Cornelius, child of Tjerck Dewitt
and Elsje Depui.
Witnesses : Cornelius Depui and Maria Vernoy.
Born Sept. 24. Daniel, child of Simeon Low and Christina
McMoUen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 31 ; born Sept. 23. Joseph, child of Andries Dubois
and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 21 ; born Oct. 17. Elizabeth, child of Bodewin and
Elizabeth Teerpenning.
Witnesses : The parents.
Rachel, child of David and Maria Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : The parents.
139
Born Oct. 17. Agetha, child of Jonathan Frere and Mar-
grietje Doio.
Witnesses : Johannes Frere and Agetha Doio.
Dec. 5 ; born Nov. i. Margrietje, child of Cornelius Du-
and, Jr., and Geertruy Bruyn.
Witnesses : The parents.
1780, Jan. 30. Jonathan, child of Benjamin Sluiter and
Margriet Berner.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 6 ; born Jan. 9. Paulus, child of Jeremias Frere and
Sara Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Paulus Frere and Elizabeth Van Wagenen.
Born Nov. 21, 1779. George, child of Edward Wood and
Ann Westluck.
Witnesses : Edward Wood and Catarina Van der Merken.
Feb. 20 ; born Dec. 28, 1779. Maria, child of Benjamin I.
Frere and Anna Perkens.
Witnesses : Jonathan and Maria Terwilliger.
March 5 ; born Feb. 21. Rebecca, child of Jeremias Low
and Wyntje Weler.
Witnesses : The parents.
March 26 ; born Feb. 6. Cornelia, child of Samuel Bavier
and Rachel Achmoedy.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 23 ; born March 20. Timotheus, child of David
Sopier and Jane Boid.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 16. Petrus, child of Petrus Schoonmaker and
Rachel Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Petrus Van Wagene and Sara Low.
Born March 27. Isack, child of Jacob Bavier and Maria
York.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 26 ; born Feb. 3. Sara, child of Ephraim Kyser and
Lena Klyn.
Witnesses : Johannes Kyser and Jacob Klyn.
June 4 ; born May 13. Margriet, child of Jacob Kyser, Jr.,
and Ammalyna Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
140
June 18 ; born Aug. 28, 1780 {sic). John, child of William
Donnolson and Magdalena Nies.
Witnesses : Daniel and Margriet Diver.
Born May 24. Jacob, child of Johannes A. (?) Hardenberg
and Rachel Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born March 15. Johannes, child of Isack Jonson and
Hannah L. Monjon.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born April 8. Abraham, child of Abraham Palmatier and
Elizabeth Lane.
Witnesses : The parents.
Magdalena, child of Johannes Lits and Leentje Emson.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 2 ; born Feb. 19. Elizabeth, child of Jury Nies and
Tryntje Van Keure.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 27. Isack, child of Jordan Perhemes and Lidia
Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 30 ; born June 20. Jonas, child of Jesaias Hasbrouck
and Maria Bavier.
Witnesses : Jonas and Catarina Hasbrouck.
Born July 15. Margriet, child of Wauterus Sluiter and
Margriet Barton.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born July 3. Antje, child of Johannes York and Jannetje
Bavier.
Witnesses : Jonas and Madlena Frere.
Born July 13. Margrietje, child of Mattheus and Jack-
emyntje Bavier.
Witnesses : Abraham Bavier and Margrietje Elting.
Aug. 6 ; born July 27. Nathaneel, child of Mattheus and
Elizabeth Lefevour.
Witness : Marytje Lefever.
Aug. 27 ; born Aug. 3. Gerret Amps, child of Hugo
Frere and Annatje Dewitt.
Witnesses : Gerret and Maria Frere.
141
Born Aug. 17. Caty, child of Salomon Bavier and Nellie
Griffin.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born July 29. Margriet, child of David Low and Rachel
Lemerter.
Witnesses : John and Margriet Van Wagene.
Sept. 10 ; born Aug. 29. Magdalena, child of Cornelius
Elinge and Blandina Elmondorph.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 15. Magdalena, child of Cornelius Kyser and
Elsje Etkins.
Witnesses : Andries and Maria Kyser.
Sept. 24 ; born July 30. Wilhelmus, child of Abraham
Sluyter and Elizabeth Davis.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 31. Lena, child of Wilhelmus and Jannetje
Sluyter.
Witnesses : Hieronimus Burger and Lena Sluyter.
Born Aug. 23. David, child of David Etkins and Margriet
Sluyter.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 20. Petrus, child of Zacharias Sluyter and
Bregje Jork.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 8 ; born Sept. 16. Catarina, child of Daniel L Frere
and Annatje Doio.
Witnesses : Levi Doio and Catarina Terbos.
Oct. 22 ; born Sept. 22. Catarina, child of Simon Frere and
Annatje Blonjan.
Witnesses : Christian Doio and Alida Terwilliger.
Born Sept. 17. Isack, child of Gilbert Saxton and Tjatje
Bever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 5 ; born Oct. 9. Maria, child of Daniel Frere and
Maria Helm.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 17 ; born Nov. 3. Tryntje, child of Gideon Hornbeek
and Abigael Davis.
Witnesses : The parents.
142
1781, Jan. I ; born Nov. 21, 1780. Stephanus, child of
Isack Harres and Jannetje Frere.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 6, 1780. Catarina, child of Jonathan Doio and
Maria Lefever.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefever and Catarina Cantine.
Feb. 18 ; born Dec. I, 1780. Polly, child of Mathew
McCaby and Jannitje Tappen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 24. Rebecca, child of Antony Frere and Jan-
nitje Low.
Witnesses ; Jacob Low and Lena Elting.
Born Oct. 24, 1780. John, child of Charles Brodhead and
Mary Oliver.
Witnesses : John and Mary Broadhead.
Born Feb. 2. Maria, child of Paulus Frere and Elizabeth
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : John and Maria Terwilger.
Born Oct. 9, 1780. Eliza, child of Eliza Frere and Martha
Everet.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 12. Abraham, child of j£)hannes Suert and
Rachel Gerritze.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 25 ; born Feb. i. Caty, child of Martin Grififin and
Rachel Sopier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 19. Catrientje, child of Petr'us Veley and Ger-
retje Frere.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 14. Abraham, child of William Donaldson and
Magdalin Nies.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 21. Jannetje, child of Dirk Janson and Mar-
grietje Steenberg.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 16 ; born March 16. Catarina, child of Andries Du-
bois and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
143
May 13 ; born Feb. 10. Daniel, child of John Barret and
Seletje Parmetier.
Witnesses : The parents,
June 10 ; born May 25. Joseph, child of Joseph Hasbrouck
and Elizabeth Bavier.
Witnesses : Joseph and Elizabeth Hasbrouck.
Born April 29. Abraham, child of Daniel Dubois and
Catarina Lefever.
Witnesses : Benjamin Dubois and Maria Bavier.
Born Aug. 20, 1778. Isack, child of Hendricus Bos and
Wyntje Frere.
Witnesses ; Isack (?) and Marytje Frere.
Born Dec. 29, 1779. Johannes, probably the same parents
as above.
Witnesses : Johannes Boss and Jannetje Dubois.
June 26, Moses, born July 7, 1777 ;
John, born July 14,
1780, children of William Elsworth and Jane Dean.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 14. Jurry, child of Lourence Nies and Annatje
Degraef.
Witnesses ; The parents.
Daniel St. John, born Jan. 20, 1779 ; Mary, born Aug. 26,
1780, children of Joseph Elsworth.
Witnesses : William Elsworth and Mary Bos.
July 8 ; born June 3. Maria, child of Jonas Frere and
Magdalen Bavier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 29. Johannes, child of Petrus Smedes and Elsje
Hasbrouck.
AVitnesses : David Hasbrouck and Maria Hogland.
Aug. 26 ; born Aug. 10. Josia, child of Jesaias Hasbrouck
and Maria Bavier.
Witness : Margrietje Elting.
Born July 15. Frederick, child of Teunis Van Viet and
Lambertje Romyn.
Witnesses : Frederick Van Vliet and Catarina Waters.
Sept. 9 ; born July 26. Lea, child of Benjamin Windfield
and Annatje York.
Witnesses : The parents.
144
Born Aug. 3. Elizabeth, child of Daniel York and Maria
Van Ake.
Witness : Elizabeth Van Wagene.
Born Aug. 16, Wilhelmus, child of Hieronimus Burger and
Lena Sluiter.
Witnesses : Wilhelmus and Jannetje Sluyter.
Born Aug. 22. Jacob, child of Frederick Keiser and Cor-
nelia Sluyter.
Witnesses : Jacob and Elizabeth Keyzeir.
Born Aug. 22. Martynus, child of Petrus Klaarwater and
Sarah Sluyter.
Witnesses : Martynus and Maria Klaarwater.
Born Aug. 11. Rebecca, child of Simon Doio and Antje Low.
Witnesses : Isack Dubois and Rebecca Doio.
Born July 27. Abraham, child of Nathanel Lefevour and
Maria Doio.
Witnesses : Abraham Doio and Elizabeth Dubois.
Born July 8. Joseph, child of Josia Terwilger and Margriet
Grifi&n.
Witnesses : Joseph, Jr., and Catarina Coddington.
Sept. 13 ; born Feb. 31. (Sic.) Zacharias, child of Josa-
phat Hasbrouck and Cornelia Dubois.
Witness : Zacharias Hasbrouck.
Febe, Annie, and Elizabeth, children of Icabod Williams
and Sibel Clark.
Rympe, Matheus, Rebecca, and John children of David
Maccy and Lena Storm.
Witnesses : Alexander Maccy, Thankful! Tuttle, and Mont-
gomery Ely.
Rachel and Peter, children of Peter Leroy and Rachel Maby.
Sept. 23 ; born Sept. 2. Catarina, child of Georgius Wirtz
and Ester Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Rynier Van Nes and Catarina Heger.
Oct. 7 ; born Sept. 6. Rachel, child of Isack and Maria
Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 21 ; born Sept. 22. Abraham, child of Methusalem
Dubois and Catrientje Bavier.
Witnesses : Margariet and Abraham Bayier.
145
Nov. 25 ; born Oct. 5. John, child of Jordan Perhemus
and Lidia Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Nov. 4. Isack, child of Isack Low and Francisca
Everet.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Oct. 2. Cornelia and Maria, children of Emanuel Con-
salis and Sarah Bevier.
Witnesses : The parents, and Conraed and Maria Bevier.
Dec. 28 ; born Oct. 29. Elizabeth, child of Gerardus
Hardenberg and Nancy Ryerson.
Witnesses : The parents.
1782, Jan.— ; born Nov. 24. 1781. Rachel, child of Philip-
pus Doio and Gertruy Lefever.
Witnesses : Andries and Catarina Lefever.
Born Dec. 28, 1781. Petrus, child of Abraham Een and
Catarina Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever and Elizabeth Vernoy.
Jan. 13 ; born Dec. 18, 1781. Josia, child of Cornelius
Dubois and Gertruy Bruyn.
Witnesses : The parents.
Jan. 20 ; born Dec. 26, 1781. Christian, child of
Jeremias Frere and Sara Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Hugo Frere and Hester Do . .
Born Dec. 10, 1781. Uria, child of Salomon and Arriantje
Dubois.
Witnesses : Hendricus—and Rebecca Vanw.
Feb. 10 ; born Jan. 8. Methusalem, child of Petrus
Hasbrouck and Sara Bavier.
Witnesses : Methusalem and Catarina Dubois ?
Born Sept. 15, 1781. Maria, child of Simon Raljie and
Magdalena Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 24, born Jan. 25, 1781. Catarina, child of Jacob
Bavier and Maria York.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Jan. 31. Charity, child of Salomon Bavier and
Nella Griffin.
Witnesses : Charity Griffen.
146
Born Jan. 19. Elizabeth, child of Isack Dubois and
Rebecca Doio.
Witnesses : Hendrick and Elizabeth Doio.
March 3 ; born Feb. 22. Jannetje, child of Simeon Low and
Christina McMullen.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 7. Annatje, child of John Terwilger and Maria Van
Wagene.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 2 ; born April 10. Jannetje, child of Wilhelmus
and Jannetje Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 16 ; born March 29. David, child of David Sopier
and Jane Bold.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 14. Abraham, child of Jacob Kyser Jr., and
Ammalena Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 10. William, child of Mathew Mc Caby and
Jannetje Tappen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 20. Elias, child of Johannes York, and Jannetje
Bavier.
Witnesses : Elias and Maria Bavier.
Born May 13. Catarina, child of Edwerd Wood, Jr., and
Enne Wesley.
Witnesses : George Wessey, Jr., and Catarina Wood.
Date of baptism, torn ; born June 23. Maria, child of
Gideon Hornbeek and Abigael Davis.
Witnesses ; The parents.
Born—14. Jenie, child of Abraham Goetschius and
Jenie Gamble.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born June 20. Samuel, child of John and Maria Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 4; born July 12. Jasia, child of Samuel Bavier and
Rachal Achmody.
Witnesses : The parents.
147
Born June 29. Ezechiel, child of Nathaneel Wheb and
Margrietje Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. I ; born Aug. 16. Jacob, child of Coenraedt Burger
and Elizabeth Terwilger.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 15 ; born Aug. 4. Jonas, child of Nathaneel Lefever
and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : The parents,
Oct. 13 ; born Aug. 29. Judic, child of Johannes Smit
and Resyntje Van Ake.
Witnesses : Isack and Judic Van Ake.
Elizabeth, child of Petrus York and Margriet Van Leuwe.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 7. Michael, child of Simon Viele and Neltje
Parmetier.
Witnesses : Isack Parmetier and Rachel Yurry.
Oct. 27 ; born Oct. 13. Jacob, child of Jeremias Low and
Wyntje Weeler.
Witnesses : The parents.
Nov. 10. Rachel, child of James Scott and Catrina Janson.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Oct. 17. Elizabeth, child of Simeon Frere and An-
natje Blonjan.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Elizabeth Frere.
Born Oct. 8. Catarina, child of David Low and Rachel
Lamerter.
Witnesses : Jan and Catarina Lamerter.
Dec. 28 ; born Nov. 17. Maria, child of Elias and Cornelia
Hardenberg.
Witnesses : The parents.
1783, Jan. 12 ; born Dec. 26, 1782. Jenneke, child of Cor-
nelius Eltinge and Blandina Elmondorph.
Witnesses : The parents.
Jan. 19 ; born Dec. 12, 1782. Johannes Frere, child of
Zacharias Sluyter and Bregje York.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 21 ; born Dec. 12, 1782. Isack Bovier, child of Abra-
ham Janson and Catryntje Bovier.
Witness : Magdalena Bovier.
148
Born Jan. ii. Simon, child of MatKew and Elizabetb.
Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 23 ; born Jan. 13. Elizabeth, child of Jonathan Doio
and Maria Lefever.
Witnesses : Abraham and Elizabeth Doio.
Born Feb. 23. Abram, child of Philippus Doio, and Geer-
truy Lefever.
Witnesses : Abram and Elizabeth Doio.
March 2. Cetje, child of Frederik Kittle and Sarah Burger.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 6 ; born March 8. Abigael, child of Josia Ferris and
Alida Van Alst.
Witness : Jane Farres.
Born Jan. 19. Simon, child of Richard Janson and Grietje
Van Steenberg.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 9. Martha, child of Eliza Frere and Martha
Everet.
Witnesses : Daniel Everet and Margriet Frere.
Born Feb. 13. Abraham, child of Isack Harres and Jan-
netje Frere.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 4. Joseph, child of Peter Wells and Annatje
Osseltje Scryver.
Witnesses : Joseph and Maria Wells.
April 13 ; born Feb. 7. Eliza, child of Johannes Suart and..
Rachel Gerretze.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 4 ; born March 17. Elizabeth, child of Andries Du-
bois and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
May iS
; born March 28. Jannetje, child of Martyn Griffin
and Rachel Sopier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born March 25. Charles, child of Petrus Smedes and
Elsje Hasbrouk.
Witnesses : The parents.
149
Born April ir. Elizabeth, child of Wauter Sluiter and Mar-
griet Barton.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 25. Maria, child of Jacob Klein and Lidia Valkenburg.
Witnesses : Johannes Klein and Elizabeth Kyser.
Jonathan, child of Efraim Kyzer and Lena Klyn.
Witnesses ; Evert Sluiter and Annatje Klein.
Born April 29. Abraham, child of Thomas Klaervvater and
X,ea Wood.
Witnesses : Henry Harp and Eva Klaerwater.
Born May 10. Evert, child of David Etkins and Margrita
Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 8 ; born May 24. Elsje, child of Jesaias Hasbrouck
and Maria Bavier.
Witnesses : Petrus Smedes and Elsje Hasbrouck.
Born Feb. 19. Freelove, child of Guilbert Saxon and Sarah
Armstrong.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 29 ; born May 26. Altje, child of David Hasbrouck
and Maria Hogland.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 5 ; born June 28. Sarah, child of Cornelius Keyser
and Elsje Etkins.
Witnesses : Jacob and Sarah Frere.
Aug. 10 ; born April 20. Polly, child of John Barret and
Seletje Parmetier.
Born Sept. 8, 1781. Maria, child of Robert Leroy and Dina
Parmetier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 31, born Aug, 11. Cornelius Bruyn, child of Cornelius
Dubois and Geertruy Bruyn.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 14. Isack, child of Zebulon Roberson and Maria
Barton.
Witnesses : Wauter Sluiter and Margriet Barton.
Born Aug. 3. David, child of Jordan Perhemes and Lidia
Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
I50
Born Aug. 25. Wilhelmus, child of Methusalem Dubois and
Catharina Bavier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 25. Rebecca, child of Hendricus Dubois and
Rebecca Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Jacob Dubois and Rebecca Van Wagene.
Born July 22. James, child of Abraham Wood and Phebe
Aswin.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 4. Petrus, child of Samuel Carson and Elizabeth
Nyberg.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 5 ; born Sept. 2. Jenneke, child of Hugo Frere, Jr., and
Anna Dewitt.
Witnesses : Andries Dewitt and Jenneke Vernoy.
Born Sept. 26. Ester, child of Jeremias Frere and Sara
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Sept. 23. Jesaias, child of Daniel Frere and Maria
Helm.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 26; born Oct. 12. Bregje, child of Benjamin
and Annatje York.
Witnesses : Zacharias Sluiter and Bregje York.
Nov. 9 ; bom Oct. 22. Philip, child of Joseph Hasbrouck
and Elizabeth Bavier.
Witnesses : Philip Bavier and Ann Dewitt.
Born Oct. 22 at 9 p.m. Lowis, child of Stephanus Goet-
schius and Elizabeth Dubois.
Witnesses : Lowis Dubois and Catarina Broadhead.
Born Oct. 6-. Jacobus, child of Hugo Doio and Catarina
Terbush.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 7 ; born Nov. 6. Daniel, child of Isack and Maria
Lefever.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 29 ; born Nov. 16. Simeon, child of Jonas Frere and
Magdalena Bavier.
Witnesses : The parents.
151
Born Sept. 3, 1782. Sara, child of William Weler and
Margret Kelly.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 4, 1783. Elsje, child of John, Jr., and Jannetje
Terwilger.
Witnesses : Evert and Sara Terwilger.
1784, Jan. 4 ; born Nov. 27, 1783. Nelly, child of Salomon
Bavier and Nelly Grififin.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born December 13, 1783. Benjamin, child of Abraham
Doio, Jr., and Bregje Frere.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Jenneke Doio.
Feb. 8; born Nov. 18, 1783. Jannetje, child of Mathew
McCaby and Jannetje Tappen.
Witnesses : The parents.
March 7 ; bom Feb. 11. Sara, child of Jonathan Frere and
Margrietje Doio.
Witnesses : Jacob and Sara Frere.
March 21 ; born Feb. 20. Salomon, child of Petrus Has-
brouck and Sarah Bavier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Feb. 15. Maria, child of Nathanel Web and Mar-
grietje Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 18 ; born Feb. 15. Joseph, child of Joseph Coddington,
Jr., and Marybah Hardford.
Witnesses : Joseph Coddington and Catarina Vandemerk.
Born Oct. 27, 1783. Rachel, child of Petrus Klaarwater and
Sarah Sluiter.
Witnesses : Samuel Bavier and Rachel Achmoedy.
April 25, born March 15. Zacharias, child of Johannes
York and Jannetje Bavier.
Witnesses : Zacharias Sluiter and Bregje York.
May 9 ; born March 11. Annatje, child of Jacob Klein and
Lidia Van Valkenburg.
Witnesses : Johannes and Annatje Kleyn.
May 30 ; born April 25. Maria, child of John L. Monjon
and Elizabeth Wells.
Witnesses : The parents.
152
Born April i8. Catrynlje, child of Isack Dubois and
Rebecca Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Nov. 15, 1783. Ezechiel, child of Laurence Nees and
Annatje Degraaf.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 20 ; born June 4. Maria, child Of Simeon Low and
Christina McMollin.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 4 ; born June 10 ; Maria, child of Willem Smitt and
Madlena Achmody.
Witnesses : David Achmody and Maria Degraaf.
Born April 4. Susanna, child of James Dun and Anne
Lane.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 11; born June 13; Amelyna, child of Jacob Keyzer
and Amelyna Sluiter.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. I ; born June 5 ; William, child of William Hood (or
Wood ?) and Sarah Coddington.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born July 11. Elizabeth, child of Edward Wood and Ann
Wesly.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 22 ; born July 23. Ezechiel, child of Jacob Bovier
and Maria York.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 5 ; born Aug. 5. Sara, child of Martynus and Maria
Frere.
Witnesses : Jonas and Catarina Frere.
Oct. 3 ; born Sept. 15. Nathanel, child of John Lefever
and Egje Zwart.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Sept. 7. Jenneke, child of Egbert Dewitt, Jr., and
Elizabeth Smitt.
Witnesses : Andries Dewitt and Jenneke Vernoy.
Born Aug. 25. Lidia, child of Samuel Bavier and Rachel
Achmody.
Witnesses : The parents.
153
Oct. 17 ; born Sept 12. Lowis, child of Wessel Dubois and
Catarina I^efever.
Witnesses : Lowis Dubois and Catarina Broadhead.
Born Sept. 30. Jenneke, child of Johannes Doio and
Cataria Critsinger.
Witnesses : Benjamin and Jenneke Doip.
Nov. 14 ; born Oct. 19. Isack, child of Abraham Bovier
and Marytje Frere.
Witnesses : Isack Frere and Hester Janson.
Nov. 28 ; born Oct. 27. Dina, child of Josia Elting and
Hester Broadhead.
Witnesses : Abraham and Jannitje Elting.
Born Sept. 24. Rachel, child of Simon Vilie and Nele Par-
metier.
Witnesses : Jacobus Vilie and Tryntje Palmetier.
Born Aug. 24. John, child of Guilbert Saxon and Sarah
Armstrong.
Witnesses : The parents.
Dec. 19 ; born Nov. 19. Cornelius, child of Matheus Bovier
and Jackemyntje Bovier.
Witnesses : Cornelius Vernoy and Maria Bovier.
1785, Jan. I ; born Dec. i, 1784. Alexander, child of John
A. Hardenberg and Rachel Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Nov. 24, 1784. John Alsdorph, child of Daniel Frere,
Jr., and Annatje Doio.
Witnesses : Johs. Alsdorph and Agetta Doio.
Jan. 23 ; born Dec. 6, 1784. Ezechiel, child of Jesaias Has-
brouck and Maria Bovier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born July 5, 1784. Andries, child of Josaphat Hasbrouck
and Cornelia Dubois.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born July 18, 1784. Michael Wyant, child of Israel Wering,
Jr., and Jane Wyant.
Witnesses : The parents.
Jan. 25 ; born Oct. 28, 1784. Charla, child of Zacharias
Hasbrouck and Rebecca Wering.
Witnesses : The parents.
154
Born Nov. 7, 1784. Sarah, child of Solomon Wering and
Arriantje Snediker.
Witnesses : Lucas Thaller and Sarah Snediker.
Feb. 12 ; born Dec. 29. Mauritius, child of George Wertz
and Ester Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Mauritius Wirtz and Catarina Heger.
Feb. 13 ; born Jan. 12. Johannes, child of Paulus Frere
and Elizabeth Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Johannes A. and Rebecca Van Wagene.
Born Jan. 29. Neeltje, child of Isack Herres and Jannetje
Frere.
Witnesses : The parents.
May I ; born March 19. Eva child of Petrus Davis and
Betje Helm.
Witnesses : John and Eva Davis.
May 23 ; born April 11. Hanna, child of Isack Kyser and
Betty Stawbridge.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 12 ; born April 25. Noach, child of Salomon Bovier
and Ellenor Griffin.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 14. Christoffel, child of William Davis and
Catarina Smitt.
Witnesses : William Davis and Lena Achmoedy.
Born May 26. Catarina, child of Jonathan Doio and Maria
Lefever.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefever and Catarina Cantine.
June 16 ; born May 28. Benjamin, child of Petrus York
and Margriet Van Leuve.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 19 ; born June 4. Maria, child of Cornelius Dubois
and Gertruy Bruin.
July 24 ; born July 5. Ezechiel, child of Ezechiel Frere
and Elizabeth Sluiter.
Witnesses : Martynus and Maria Frere.
Born June 5. Salomon, child of Johannes I. Frere, Jr., and
Margrietje Bennet.
Witnesses : Salomon and Jannetje Frere.
155
July 31 ; born July 8. Mararita, child of David Low and
Rachel Leraerter.
Witnesses
: Jeremia Hoogteling and Margrita Lemerter.
Aug. II
; bora June 26. Joseph, child of Hendricus Doio
and Phebe Wolsy.
Witnesses : The parents.
Aug. 28
;
born July 27. Elizabeth, child of David Has-
brouck and Maria Hoogland.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 25 ; born Aug. 5. Johannes, child of Simeon Frere
and Annatje Blonjan.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 2 ;
born Aug. 7. Abram, child of Nathaneel Lefever
and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Sept. 27. Elizabeth, child of Philip Doio and Gertruy
Lefever.
Witnesses : Elizabeth Dubois and Abraham Doio.
Oct. 9 ; born Aug. 11. Catryntje, child of Petrus and Cor-
nelia Bovier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 16 ; born Aug. 21. Rachel, child of Eliza Frere and
Martha Everet.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 23 ; born Sept. 9. David, child of, Joseph Coddington
and Moribah Hartford.
Born July 3. Daniel, child of Hugo Doio and Catarina Bosh.
Nov. 20 ; born July 16. Daniel, child of Jordan Perhemus
and Lidia Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Oct. 29. Catarina, child of Matheus and Elizabeth
Lefever.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefever and Catarina Cantine,
Born July 3. Jannetje, child of Petrus Vilie and Gerretje
Frere.
Witnesses : Johannes Van Kleek and Jannetje Vilie.
Born Oct. 26. Sara, child of Jeremias Frere and Sara Van
Wagene.
Witnesses : The parents.
156
Born Sept. lo. Annatje, child of Wouter Sluiter and Mar-
griet Barton.
Witnesses : The parents.
1786, Jan. 14 ; born Nov. 29, 1785. Rachel, child of An-
dries Dubois and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 10, 1785. Philip, child of Methusalem Dubois and
Catryntje Bovier (?).
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 27, 1785. Maria, child of Jacob Wilkelo and Eliza-
beth Hood.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Oct. 3, 1785. Levi Paling, child of Levi Doio and Mar-
grietje Paling.
Witnesses : The parents.
1786, Jan. I ; born Dec. 12, 1785. Maria, child of Abram D.
Doio and Anne Broadhead.
Witnesses : Charls Broadhead and Maria Oliver.
Born Dec. 19, 1785. Matheus, child of Teunis Sammens
and Rachel Terwilger.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 5 ; born Oct. 3, 1785. Jacob, child of Martyn Griffin
and Rachel Sopier.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Dec. 26, 1785. Gerret Frere, child of Salomon Doio
and Bregje Frere.
Witnesses : Gerret and Maria Frere.
Born Dec. 18, 1785. Debora, child of Jacob Lefever and
Lidia Doio.
Witnesses : Chrisloffel Doio and Debory Van Vliet.
Born Dec. 28, 1785. Rolof Elting, child of Abram A. Bo-
vier and Maytje Frere.
Witnesses : Rolof Hasbrouck and Margrietje Elting.
Feb. 19 ; born Sept. 15, 1785. Annatje, child of Mathew
McCaby and Jannetje Tappen.
Witnesses : The parents.
Feb. 23 ; born Dec. 29, 1785. Abram, child of Noach Elting
and Annatje Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
157
Feb. 26 ; born Sept. 27. Jacobus, child of Abram Elting
and Dorothea Besmer.
Witnesses : The parents.
Jan. I ; Elizabeth, born Oct. 31, 1785. Hendrick, born Oct.
30, 1777. Children of Johannes Shuart and Rachel Gerretze.
Note on margin of original :
" His baptismal day forgotten,
and registry neglected."
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 31, 1784. Maria, child of William Elsworth and
Jane Dean.
Born Oct. 25, 1784. John, child of Thomas Jones and Mary
Lemonjon.
Born Oct. 20, 1785. Johannes, child of Peter Wells and Os-
seltje Schryver.
Witnesses : Johannes Emerik Schryver and Elizabeth Burger.
Born March 23, 1785. Sally, child of Enos Bussy and Betsy
Wever.
Witnesses : Isack Palmetier and Sally Wever.
Born Oct. 11, 1785. Jenetta, child of David Weaver and
Catarina Wilsy.
Born Dec. 28, 1785. Hendrik, child of Johannes Nees and
Sarah Palmetier.
Born Feb. 3, 1785. Abraham, child of James Danelson and
Hulda Roberson.
Born June (?) 23, 1785. Mary, child of William Danelson
and Magdalen Nees.
Born Feb. 9, 1785. Elizabeth, child of John Barret and
Selitje Palmetier.
March 13 ; born Feb. 6. Abram, child of Abram Hess or
Ness and Paggy Hert.
Witnesses : The parents.
April 23 ; born Feb. 13. Elizabeth, child of Josia Has-
brouck and Sarah Dekker.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 21 ; born Feb 24. Maria, child of Johannes York and
Jannetje Bovier.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 25 ; born April 9. Elizabeth, child of Martynus Klaar-
water and Lea Sluiter.
158
Born March 9. Johannes, child of Petrus Smedes and Elsje
Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 5 ; born April 21. Catarina, child of Hendric Wak-
man and Lidia Hert.
Witnesses : Methusalem Dubois and Catarina Bovier.
Born April 23. John, child of Abram Hog and Jannetje
Doio.
Witnesses : The parents.
May 14 ; born April 21. James, child of Joseph Hasbrouck
and Elizabeth Bevier.
Witnesses : The parents.
June 10 ; born March 21. Benjamin, child of Daniel Dubois
and Catrina Lefever.
Witnesses : Benjamin Dubois and Maria Bovier.
June 4 ; born May 16. Sara, child of John and Jannetje
Terwilger.
AVitnesses : Lucas and Sara Terwilger.
June 20 ; born April 30. Catrina, child of Zacharias Sluiter
and Bregje York.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born May 9. Benjamin, child of John Bever and Catrina
Wood.
Witnesses : The parents.
July 2 ; born June 9. Eva, child of Benjamin Windfield
and Annatje York.
Selly, child of Rolof Litz and Sara Sluiter.
Born May 22. Petrus Lefever, child of Elias Bavier and
Sara Lefever.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever and Elizabeth Vernoy.
Born May T5. Syntje, child of Hendric Raljie and Eliza-
beth Wesmiller.
Born May ig. Daniel Frere, child of Evert Terwilger and
Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Daniel Frere and Annatje Doio.
Born March 28. Daniel, child of Israel Wering and Jenny
Wygant.
Witnesses : The parents.
159
July 23 ; born Jan. 27. Hannah, child of Numan Waring
and Pally Caddington.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born June 4. Elizabeth, child of Thomas Jones and Mary
Lemonjon.
Witnesses : The parents,
Aug. 20 ;
born May 27. Joseph, child of William Hood and
Sara Caddington.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born July 23. Andries Lefever, child of Wessel Dubois and
Catarina Lefever.
Witnesses : Andries and Elizabeth Lefever.
Born July 14. Johannes, child of Johannes Rosekrans and
Magdalena Brink.
Witnesses : The parents.
Sept. 4 ; born Aug. 14. John, child of Charles Demsy and
Elizabeth Pennic.
Oct. I. Jacob, child of Simeon Low and Christina
McMollen.
Born Sept. 11. Jacobus, child of Frederic and Eva Schon-
maker.
Witnesses : The parents.
Oct. 8 ; born Aug. 15. Jonathan, child of Jacob Bovier and
Maria York.
Born July 30. Jonathan, child of Jonas Frere and Magda-
lena Bovier.
Oct. 15 ; born Sept. 14. Maria, child of Josia Doio and
Catarina Blonjan.
Oct. 29 ; born Aug. 18. Catrien, child, of Petrus Keter and
Geertje Roos.
Nov. S . Nathanel, child of Johannes Lefever and Elizabeth
Dubois.
Witnesses : Nathanel Lefever and Maria Doio.
Born Aug. i. John, child of Zacharias Hasbrouck and
Rebecca Wering.
Born Sept. 11. Gerret Frere, child of Isack Van Wagenen
and Elsje Frere.
Witnesses : Hugo Frere, Jr., and Annatje Devvitt.
i6o
Born Oct. 25. Rachel, child of Stephanus Goetschius and
Elizabeth Dubois.
Witness : Rachel Goetschius.
Nov. 26 ; born Sept i. Christian, child of Samuel Bovier
and Rachel Achmody.
Dec. 31 ; born Oct. 22. Elizabeth, child of Petrus Dewitt
and Rachel Vanleuwe.
Witnesses : Timothy and Anne Wood.
Born Oct. 14. Peter Tappen, child of James Dun and
Anne Lane.
George, child of Joseph Dun and Mary Wickam.
Born Nov. 18. Isack Heegman, child of Simon Vilie and
Neltje Palmetier.
Witnesses : Isack and Neltje Hegeman,
Born Nov. 12. Elizabeth, child of Simon Raljie and Lena
Doio.
Born Nov. 18.
' Debora, child of David Low and Rachel
Lemerter.
Witnesses : Christoffel Snyder and Debora Low.
i
1787, Jan. I ; born Dec. 4, 1786. Maria~child of Isack Du-
bois and Rebecca Doio.
Jan. 6 ; born Nov. 25, 1786. Catarina, child of Jesaias Has-
brouck and Maria Bovier. '
Witness : Catarina Smedes.
Jan. 21 ; born Nov. 16, 1786. Catrina, child of Hermanns
Osterhout and Catrina Vroom.
Born Nov. 10, 1786. Martynu?, child of Gerret Devenport
and Catrina Osterhout.
Feb. 25 ; born Jan. 18. John, child of John McNeel and
Anne Carman.
Elizabeth, child of Hendric Snyder and Maria Terwilger.
Witnesses : Benjamin Frere and Elizabeth Terwilger.
Feb. II ; born Feb. 17 (sic). Philip, child of Adam Jeple
and Arriantje Hendriks.
Born Jan. 24. Francis, child of Isack Herres and Anatje
Frere.
April 15 ; born Feb. 22. Thomas, child of Thomas
Klaarwater and Lea Wood.
i6i
Born March 5. Hendrick, child of Jonathan Frere and
Margriet Doio.
Witnesses : Hendric Doio and EHzabeth Beem.
Born Nov. 5, 1783. Anne, child of John Stevens and
Susanna Avry.
Witness : Dorkas Achmody.
Born Feb. 3, 1787. Jemes, child of John Stevens and
Susanna Avry.
Witness : Dorkas Achmody.
May 6 ; born April 16. Fredric, child of Joseph Klaar-
water and Lidia Wood.
Born April 9. Asaph, child of Samuel Dubois and Jenneke
Lefever;
Witnesses : Benjamin Dubois and Maria Bovier.
Born April 13. Abram, child of Abraham Bovier and Maytje
Frere.
June 10 ; born April 29. Clasine, child of Hendrick Doio,
Jr., and Phebe Wolsy.
Born May 19. Petrus, child of Petrus Hasbrouck and
Sara Bovier.
Born May 18. Elias, child of John I. Frere, Jr., and Mar-
grietje Beanet.
June 17. Polly, child of John Kritzinger and Lea Litz.
Witnesses : Daniel Litz and Polly Kritzinger.
Born May i. Mauris, child of Eliphas Jerom and Expe-
rience Buling (or Risling ?)
June 21 ; born June 4. Methusalem, child of Isack Schon-
maker and Sara Dubois.
July 8 ; born March 7. Hosea, child of Jordan Purhemus
and Lidia Doio.
Born June 20. Sushanna, child of John Barret and Selettje
Palmetier.
July 22 ; born June 15. Sarah, child of Isack and Maria
Lefever.
Born June 25. Cornelia, child of Jonathan Doio and Maria
Lefever.
Born June 22, Thomas, child of John Lemonjon and
Elizabeth \^ells.
l62
July 29 ; born May 27. Simon, child of Johannes I. Frere
and Laura Terwiiger.
Aug. 12 ; born July 10. Abram Frere, child of Abram Sim-
mons and Molly Gee.
Witnesses : Edward Simmons and Hannah Frere.
Sept. 2 ; born July 31. Teunis, child of Jan Lefever and
Egje Zwart.
Born July 21. Abram and Charles, children of Josia El-
ting and Hester Broadhead.
Born May 13. Gilbert, child of Mathew McCaby and Jan-
netje Tappen.
Born Aug. 6. Maria, child of John C. Hardenberg and
Jenneke Dewitt.
Sept. 23 ; born Aug. 14. Hugo, child of Benjamin H. Frere
and Elizabeth Windfield.
Witnesses : Hugo Frere and Ester Doio.
Born Aug. 28. Sarah, child of William Smitt and Magda-
lena Achmody.
Witnesses : Hendric Smitt and Sarah Van Wagene.
Nov. II ; born Oct. 20. Maria, child of Salomon Bovier
and Ellenor Griffin.
Witnesses : Jesaias Hasbrouck and Maria Bovier.
Born Sept. 11. John, child of Henery Harp and Catrien
Devenport.
Born Sept. 28. Edword Weslyk, child of Edward Wood
and Enne Weslyk.
Born Oct. 10. Elizabeth, child of Elias Davis and Molly
Klarwater.
Born Oct. 9. Levi Dewitt, child of Lauwrence Hendrics
and Johanna Windield.
Witnesses : Levi Dewitt and Wyntje Schoonmaker.
Dec. I. Wyntje, child of David Hasbrouck and Maria
Hoogland.
Born Oct. 31. Philippus, child of Petrus and Cornelia
Bovier.
Dec. 2 ; born Nov. 5. Gertruy, child of Methusalem Du-
bois and Catrientje Bovier.
163
Born Nov. 16. Daniel, child of Samuel Broadhead and
Dina Dubois.
Witnesses : Daniel Broadhead and Blandina Elmondorph.
Johannes, child of Marcus Wekman and Jennie Cool.
Born Sept. 22. Robert, child of Joseph Coddington and
Meriba Hardford.
Dec. 9 ; born Nov. 16. Sarah, child of Benjamin Wood
and Eva Smitt.
Witnesses : James Achmod, Jr., and Sarah Smitt.
Born Nov. 19. Sarah, child of Daniel Van Wagene and
Caty Law.
1788, Jan. I ; born Nov. 22, 1787. Elizabeth, child of
David Van Husen and Anna Catrina Hyns.
Witnesses : Benjamin Hyns and Sile (?) Griffen.
Jan. 6 ; born Dec. 16, 1787. Jannetje, child of Cornelius
C. Brink and Maria Raljie.
Born Aug. 22, 1787. Hanna, child of Nathanel Web and
Margrietje Doio.
Born Dec. 15, 1787. Benjamin, child of Zacharias Hofman
and Maria Terwilger.
Born Nov. 30, 1787. Laura, child of Casparus Van Ostrant
and Eva Vrelinghuisen.
Feb. 10 ; born Nov. 24, 1787. Jacob, child of Peter Wood
and Wyntje Klarwater.
Born Dec. 23, 1787. John, child of Petrus Jork and Margriet
Van Leuwe.
Witness : John Van Leuwe.
Born Jan. 22, 1788. Bregje, child of Daniel Sluiter and Sara
Bovier.
Born Dec. 17, 1787. Art, child of Jeremias Frere and Sara
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Abram Een and Catrina Van Wagene.
Born Jan. 16, 1788. Elizabeth child of Elias Bovier and
Sara Lefever.
March 2 ; born Jan. 23, 1788. Jacob Snyder, child of Jehu
Low and Elizabeth Snyder.
Witnesses : Jacob and Elizabeth Snyder.
164
Born Feb. 6. John, child of Charles Broadhead and Sara
Hardenberg.
Born Feb. 3. Jacemyntje, child of Noach Elting and
Annatje Uoio.
Born Oct. 14, 1787. Daniel Everet, child of Elisa Frere and
Martha Everet.
Born Feb. 6, 1788. Jonathan, child of John Hofman and
Lena Bovier.
Born Dec. 15, 1787. Abram, child of Frederic Hopensted
and Margriet Richard.
Born Nov. 30, 1787. Jacob, child of Isack Dubois and
Debora Raljie.
Witnesses : Jacob Dubois and Rebecca Van Wagenen.
March 10, 1788 ; born Feb. 18. David, child of Benjamin
Doio, Jr., and Susanna Kritzinger,
Witnesses : Johs. B. Doio and Catrina Kritzinger.
Born Jan. 31. Petrus, child of Jacob Lefever and Licjia
Doio.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever and Elizabeth Vernoy.
March 34 ; born Feb. 19. Dina, child of Ezechiel and
Magdalena Elting.
April 13 ; born March 2. Salomon, child of Noach Lefever
and Cornelia Bovier.
Witnesses : Salomon and Rachel Lefever.
Born March 9. Catrien, child of Wessel Dubois and Catrien
Lefever.
Born Jan. i. Silvanus, child of Numan Waring and Maria
Coddington.
Born Feb. 9, Rebecca, child of Wauter Sluiter and Margriet
Barton,
Born March 10. Daniel, child of Abram P. (or D.) Doio and
Anne Broadhead.
Witnesses : Daniel Doio and Margriet Lefever.
Born March 7. Annatje, child of Josia Doio and Catrina
Blonjan.
Witnesses : Simeon Frere and Annatje Blonjan.
Born Feb. 15. Lena, child of Henry Green and Maria
Doio.
i65
Born Dec. 7, 1787. Maria, child of Isack Rynes and Eliza-
beth Bakker.
Baptismal dates torn, born April? 3, 1788. John, child of
Zacharias Hasbrouck and Rebecca Werinig.
Born Jan. 18. Selly, child of Hendrick Wekmaii and Lidia
Hert.
Born May 7. Simon, child of Isack Dubois and Rebecca
Doio,
Born May 15. Uria, child of William Weeler and Margriet
Celly.
Born Feb. 20. George Graham, child Of Isack Hardenberg
and Rachel Graham.
Born May 19. Hanna, child of Cornelius Dubois (rest torn).
Witnesses : Dirk Wynkoop and Hanna Elting.
(Lower part of leaf in original torn off).
Born July 6. Margrita, child of John Stoks ? and Susanna
Kerner.
Witnesses : Cornelis T. and Margrita Kerner.
Born July 8. Geertje child of Matheus and Elizabeth
Lefever.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever and Geertje Wynkoop.
Aug. 17 ; born July —. Annatje, child of Jacob Wilkelo
and Elizabeth Hood.
Aug. 24 ; born July 21. Jeremias, child of Hendrick Raljie
and Elizabeth Wesmiller.
Born July 30. Maria, child of Willem Doio and Sarah
Elting.
Witnesses : Rolof Elting and Maria Low.
Aug. 7 ; born Aug. 6. Thimothy Brandel, child of Coenraad
Burger and Sara Hart.
Witness : Thimothy Brandel.
Born June 28. Jacob, child of Daniel Klaarwater and
Maria Silie.
—
7 ; born Aug. 21. Debora, child of Johannes York and
Jannetje Bovier.
Aug. 4, born July 12. David, child of Wilhelmus and Jan-
netje Sluiter.
No date of baptism ;
born Aug. 7. Annatje, child of
Martynus Klaarwater and Lea Sluiter.
1 66
Born Nov. 20, 1787. Ephraim, child of Ephraim Kyser and
Lena Klyn.
Sept. 28 ; born Aug. 30. Jobs. Hendricus, child of Jo-
hannes Berenhart and Sara Sluiter.
Witnesses : Hendric W. . . . and Anna SI. . .
.
Born Aug. 28. Jonathan, child of Johannes Lefever and
Elizabeth Dubois. (Lower part of leaf in original torn off.)
Nov. 2 ; born Sept. 25. Sarah, child of Elias Ein and Eliza-
beth Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Jacobus Hasbrouck and DivertjeVan Wagene.
Nov. 29 ; born Oct. 15. Maria, child of Hugo Frere and
Anna Dewitt.
Witnesses : Isack Van Wagene and Elsje Frere.
Dec. 14 ; born Nov. 11. Magdalena, child of Jonas Frere
and Magdalena Bovier.
Willem, child of Jonathan Traphagen and Maria Terwilger.
Witnesses : Willem Traphagen and Martyntje Westervelt.
Dec. 21 ; born Nov. 13. Noagh, child of Jesaias Has-
brouck and Maria Bovier.
1789, Jan. I ; born Nov. 15, 1788. Thomas, child of Abram
Bovier and Marytje Frere.
Witnesses : Thomas Frere and Hester Janson.
Jan. 8 ; born Nov. 18, 1788 ; Luther, child of Joseph Has-
brouck and Elizabeth Bovier.
Feb. I ; born Dec. 24. Syntje, child of Jemes Achmody
and Elizabeth Smitt.
Witnesses : Johannes and Syntje Smitt.
Born Nov. 19, 1788. Jacob, child of John Sort and Lena
Van Leuwe.
Witnesses : Jacob Van Leuwe and Antje Wood.
Born Dec. 28, 1788. Piter, child of Levi Doio and Mar-
grietje Pawling.
Feb. 8 ; born Jan. 1. Jacobus, child of Nathanel and
Maria Doio.
Born Dec. 24, 1788. Abram, child of Samuel Dubois and
Jenneke Lefever.
Born Jan. 3, 1789. Maria, child of Samuel Bovier and
Rachel Achmody.
i67
Born Jan. 8. Rachel, child of Petrus and Cornelia Bovier.
Born Jan. 15. Judic, child of Ezechiel Low and Eva
Stryker.
Witnesses : Salomon Low and Sara Boss.
Born Jan. 15. Antje, child of Matheus Contryman and
Margriet Stoks.
Witness : Antje Stoks.
Born Jan. 34. Cherles Smedes, child of John Hardenberg
and Jeneke Dewitt.
Feb. 19; born Sept. 27, 1788. Elizabeth, child of Daniel
Diver and Margriet Nies.
Born Feb. 4. Elizabeth, child of Daniel Karney and
Laura Kontryman.
March i ; born Feb. 4. Gerret, child of Ezechiel Frere and
Elizabeth Sluiter.
Witnesses : Isack Van Wagene and Elsje Frere.
Born Sept. 20, 1788. Egje, child of Jordan Perhemus and
Lidia Doio.
April 5 ; born March 9. Catrina, child of Stephanus Goet-
schius and Elizabeth Dubois.
Witness : Jonathan Dubois.
Born March 10. John Admundus, child of Johannes Has-
brouck and Caty McDonald.
May 3 ; born April 4. John, child of Hendric Doio, Jr.,
and Phebe Peek.
May 24 ; born April 8. Edward, child of Thomas Klar-
water and Lea Wood.
Born May 16. Jacob, child of Jeremias Low and Wyntje
Weeler.
Born April 23. Henery, child of Jacob Green and Rachel
Sammons.
Born April 13. Benjamin, child of Petrus Davis and Eliza-
beth Helm.
Born April 9. John Parrain, child of Simon Helm and
Maria Schonmaker.
Witnesses : John and Nella Parrain.
Born March 3. Elizabeth, child of Isack Harres and
Jannetje Frere.
i68
June 7 ; born April 6. Johannes, child of Simon Vilieand
Nella Palmetier.
Witness : Johannes Vielie.
June 2, born April ii. Abram, child of William Litz and
Elizabeth Palmatier.
June 7 ; born April 30. Jacob, child of Joseph Cod-
dington and Meriba Hartford.
June 21 ; born June 7. Hester, child of Daniel Van Wagene
and Tryntje Low.
Witnesses : Jonathan Van Wagene and Ester Johnson.
Born April 10. Johannes, child of Salomon Doio and
Bregje Frere.
Witnesses : Jacob Doio and Catrina Frere.
Born May 11. J'eremias, child of Jacob Bovier and Maria
York.
June 28 ; born March i. Annie, child of Philip Lemonjon
and Maria Wells.
Born Sept. 27, 1788. Elizabeth, child of Cornelius Swam
and Ester Lemonjon.
Born May 25, 1789. Nancy, child of Thomas Jones and
Maria Lemonjon.
Born May i. John Davis, child of Abram Sluiter and Eliza-
beth Davis.
July 12 ; born June 20. Maria, child of Petrus Lefever, Jr.,
and Magdalena Elting.
Witnesses : Rolof Elting and Maria Low.
Born June 25. Maria, child of Philippus and Catryntje
Elting.
Witnesses : Rolof Elting and Maria Low,
Aug. 9 ; born July 11. Abram, child of Petrus Hasbrouck
and Sarah Bovier.
Born July 2. Gertruy, child of Isack and Maria Lefever.
Witnesses : Philip Doio and Geertry Lefever.
Aug. 22
; born Aug. 3. Samuel, child of Simeon Low and
Christina McMollen.
Born July 20. Sarah, child of Abram B. Doio and Bregje
Frere.
Witnesses : Jacob and Sarah Frere.
169
Born June 8. Phanny, child of Francis Handmor and
Phebe Gilbert.
Sept. 13 ; born Aug. 18. Levi, child of Hendricus Contry-
man and Maria Conneway.
Witnesses : Cornelius Coneway and Anna Sluiter.
Born Aug. 5. Walter, chiM of Wauterus Sluiter and Mar-
griet Barton.
Born July 28. Edward, child of Peter Wood and Wyntje
Klarwater.
Born Aug. 4. Dina, child of Rolof Hasbrouck and Jannetje
Elting.
Born Aug. 14. Jacobus, child of Benjamin I. Hasbrouck
and Elizabeth McCenly.
Witnesses : Jacobus Hasbrouck and Divertje Van Wagene.
Born Aug. 6. Johannes, child of Johannes B. Doio and
Catrien Kretzinger.
Sept. 20 ; born Aug. 26. Jenny, child of Benjamin Wind-
field and Annatje York.
Witnesses : John Windfield and Jenny Van Ostrand.
Oct. 26 ; born Sept. 17. William, child of Levi P. McDon-
ald and Nancy Wood. "'
Born Oct. 3. Rebecca, child of Daniel Sluiter and Sarah
Bovier.
John, child of Robert Leroy and Deana Palmetier.
Nov. 8 ; born Sept. 26. Antje, child of Richard Stocks and
Antje Garner.
Born Sept. 28. Maria, child of Isack and Francisca Low.
Nov. 22 ; born Oct. 31. Maria, child of Philip Doio and
Gertruy Lefever.
Born Sept. 21. Hendricus Doio, child of Noach Elting and
Annatje Doio.
Dec. 6 ; born 28, Annatje and Gornelius, children of
Stephanus Scryver and Sartje Van Stenberg.
Witnesses : Peter Wells and Anna Oscela Scryver.
1790, Jan. 3 ; born Nov. 25, 1789. Catrina, child of Wil-
liam Smitt and Magdalena Achmody.
Witnesses : William Davis and Gatrina Smitt.
/I '
171
Born March 29. Elizabeth, child of Jehu Low and Elizabeth
Snyder.
Witnesses : Jacob C. and Elizabeth Snyder.
Born March 15. Jacobus Van der Veer, child of Casparus
Van Ostrant and Eva Frlinghuisen. (Sic.)
May 25. Joseph, child of John Lemonjon and Elizabeth
Wells.
Born Feb. 20. John, child of Cornelius Degraaf and
Annetje Van demerk.
Born April 10. Polly, child of Art Terwilger and Sara
Saxon.
June 6 ; born May 18. Catrina, child of John I. Frere, Jr.,
and Margrita Bennet.
Witness : Catrina Frere.
Born April 29. Elisa, child of Simon Raljie and Lena Doio.
July 3 ; born June 14. Daniel, child of Moses York and
Enne Petterson.
Witnesses : Daniel York and Maria Van Aken.
July 4. Sara, child of David Low and Rachel Lemerter.
Witnesses : Cornelus C. Lemerter and Sara Krom.
Born June 8. Benjamin, child of John, Jr. and Jannetje
Terwilger.
Born Feb. 28. Wyntje, child of Efraim Deccer and Maria
Terpening.
Witnesses : Daniel and Wyntje Hasbrouck.
Born Feb. 12. Annatje, child of Simeon Terpening and
Peggy Smitt.
Born May 31. Marytje, child of Isack Dubois and Debory
Raljie.
Witnesses : Denie Raljie and Marytje Van Vliet.
Born May 7. Benjamin, child of John Alliger and Catrina
Low.
Born May 2. Annatje, child of Adam Jepol and Arriantje
Hendricks.
Born May 9. Jonas, child of Elisa Frere and Martha
Everet.
July 18 ; born May 14. Anne, child of John Dun and Sarah
Lockwood.
172
Born May 26. Abraham, child of Daniel Klaerwater and
Maria Siely.
Margriet, child of Elias and Cornelia Hardenberg.
July 25 ; born March 14. Enne, child of Efraim Kyser and
Lena Klyn.
Aug. 30; born Sept. 20, 1786. Peter and Nency bo. Oct.
4, 1788, children of Thomas Burian and Maria Preslar.
Born May 31. John Tailor, child of Jacob Hornbec and
Sally Thomson.
Sept. 5 ; born Aug. 5. Maria, child of Isack Dubois and
Rebecca Doio.
Born Sept. 16. Jeremia, child of Jeremia Elles and Susanna
Brown.
Sept. 19 ; born May 14. Nelle, child of William Wood and
Sara Caddington.
Cornelius, child of Hendric Ralyie and Elizabeth Wel-
miller.
Sept. 26 ; born Sept. 4. Anatje, child of Jeremias Frere
and Sara Van Wagenen.
Born Sept. 12. David, child of William Wood, Jr., and
Cattrina Frere.
Born May 30. Charls, child of Hendricus Wecman and
Lidia Hert.
Oct. 30 ; born Sept. 26. Sarah, child of Johannes Lefever
and Elizabeth Dubois.
Born Sept. 24. Jonathan, child of Wessel Dubois and
Catrien Lefever.
Witnesses : Jonathan Dubois and Rachel Goetschius.
Born Oct. 6. Cornelius Van Vliet, child of Denie Raljie,
Jr., and Annatje Vanvliet.
Witnesses : Corns. Van Vliet and Lena Gerrison.
Born Sept. 7. Maria, child of John Windfield and Jenny
Van Ostrant.
Born Sept. 11. Maria, child of Jonathan Traphagen and
Maria Terwilger.
Daniel, child of Laurence Hendricks and Johanna Wind-
field.
^72>
Born Oct. 5. Catryntje, child of Ezechiel and Magdalena
Elting.
Nov. 31 ; born Oct. 27. Maria, child Gf Gerret Van Bun-
schoten and Rebecca Totton.
Born Oct. 20. Willem, child of Willem Doio and Sara Elting.
Born Oct. 25. Elisabeth, child of Matheus Contryman and
Margriet Stooks.
Born Oct. 12. Maria, child of Martynus and Maria Frere.
Nov. 28 ; born Nov. 11. Sarah, child of William Davis and
Catrina Smitt.
Witnesses : Eliphas and Sarah Smitt.
Nov. 29 ; born Nov. 24. Annatje, child of Benjamin Doio,
Jr., and Susanna Kritzinger.
Born Nov. 16. William, child of Johannes Hasbrouck and
Caty McDonald.
Witnesses : William McDonald and Bridget Krom.
Born Oct. 15. Abram, child of Abram Hog and Jannetje
Doio.
Dec. 26 ; born Nov. 29. Matheus, child of Petrus Bovier
and Cornelia Bovier.
Witnesses : Matheus and Jackemyntje Bovier.
1 79 1, Jan. 9 ; born Nov. 28, 1790. Jacob, child of Jonathan
Frere and Margrietje Doio.
Witnesses : Jacob and Sara Frere.
Born Dec. 13, 1790. Anatje, child of Evert Sluiter and
Grietje Kyser.
Witness : Anatje Kyser.
Jan. II ; born Oct. 13, 1790. John, child of Cornelius
Smith and Ester Lemonjon.
Born Oct. 4, 1790. James, child of Thomas Jones and Mary
Lemonjon.
Born Nov. 25, 1790. Betsy, child of Robert Leroy and
Diana Palmetier.
Born Oct. 26, 1790. Margriet, child of Jeremia Devoe and
Lena Danelson.
Jan. 16 ; born Nov. 9, 1790. William, child of Benjamin
Wood and Eva Smitt.
Witnesses : Hendric Smitt and Lena Achmody.
174
Jan. 31 ; born Dec. 29, 1790. Thomas, child of Abram A.
Bovier and Marytje Frere.
Witnesses : Thomas Frere and Hester Johnson.
Born Dec. 28, 1790. Annatje, child of Evert Terwilger and
Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Peter Frere and Annatje Terwilger.
Feb. 5 ; born Nov. 25, 1790. Jesaias, child of Jesaias Has-
brouck and Maria Bevier.
Born Jan. 7. Petrus Low, child of Daniel Van Wagenen and
Catryntje Low.
Feb. 20 ; born Oct. 25, 1790. Hendric and Hugo,* children
of Jordan Polhemus and Lidia Doio.
March — ; born Feb. 23. Richard, child of Lowis Harden-
berg and Catrien Daly.
April 3 ; born Jan. 30. Abram, child of Timothy Branen
and Maria York.
Born Feb. 7. Rolof, child of Salomon Elting and Cornelia
Lefever.
Witnesses : Rolof Elting and Maria Low.
Born March 2. Moses, child of Johannes Wilkelo and
Jackemyntje Trowbridge.
Born Jan. 26. ChristofCel, child of Jacob Lefever and Lidia
Doio.
Witnesses : David Doio and Rachel Een.
April 10 ; born March 17. Jonathan, child of Isack Kyser
and Elizabeth Trowbridge.
April 25 ; born Feb, 2, Jacob Rutze, child of Lowis and
Polly Hardenberg,
Born Feb, 12. Levi, child of Salomon and Hester Low,
May 8 ; born April 5. Salomon, child of Ezechiel Low and
Eva Stryker.
Witnesses : Solomon Low and Sara Bosch.
Born April 4. Catryntje, child of Isack Low and Francisca
Everit.
May 15 ; born April 15. Elizabeth, child of Samuel Dubois
and Jenneke Lefever.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever and Elizabeth Vernoy.
* This item is rather indefinite in the original, and possibly n:iay have
been intended for one child, named Hendric Hugo.
175
June 5 ; born Feb. 2, Elisabeth, child of Philip Lemonjon
and Mary Wells.
June 13. Nella, child of Matheus Hess and Martha Litz.
Witness : Nella Shaw.
Maria, child of probably the same as above.
Witness : Robert Hess.
June 26 ; born March 7. Margriet, child of Joseph Sim-
mons and Annetje Myer.
Born May 26. Magdalena, child of Matheus and Elizabeth
Lefever.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever, Jr., and Magdalena Elting.
July 9 ; born June 22. Elsje, child of Philip Doio and Ger-
truy Lefever.
Born May 30. Levi, child of Josia Hasbrouck and Sarah
Dekker.
Born April 12. Clarissia, child of Francis Handmore and
Phebe Gilbert.
July 10 ; born June 3. Evert, child of Jacob Green and
Rachel Sammons.
Born April 26. Rachel, child of Daniel Sluiter and Sara
Bovier.
July 29 ; born March 16. Polly, child of Thomas Rogers
and Hennah Van Zyl.
Born July 7. Rebecca, child of Philip and Tryntje Elting.
Witnesses : Jacob Low and Rebecca Van Wagen.
Born June 23. Rebecca, child of Jacob Dubois and Lidia
Jumens.
Witness : Rebecca Van Wagene.
August 8 ; born July 9. Catrina, child of Petrus Lefever,
Jr., and Magdalena Elting.
Witnesses : Daniel Lefever and Catrina Cantine.
Born Oct. 29, 1790. Sara, child of Jacob Wilkelo and
Elizabeth Hood.
Born Feb. 15, 1791. John, child of Lucas Terwilger and
Hester Frere.
Witnesses : John, Jr., and Jannetje Terwilger.
Born June 5. Catrien, child of Dennis Colman and Tjatje
Roos.
Witnesses : Methusalem Dubois and Catrien Bevier.
i7'6
August 21 ; born July 24. Isack, child of Laurence Hood
and Sara Walron.
Witnesses : Johannes Walron and.Elizabeth Een.
Born July 9. Maria, child of Joseph Coddington and Merita
Hardford.
Born July 24. Hester, child of Wauter Sluyter and Margriet
Barton.
August 28 ; born August 11. David, child of Edward Kyser
and Maria Sluiter.
Witnesses : Jacob Sluiter and Rachel Stocks.
Sept. 18 ; born August 16. Abram, child of Elias Ein and
Elizabeth Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Abram Ein and Catrina Van Wagenen.
Oct. 2 ; born Sept. 5. Hester, child of Benjamin H. Frere
and Eva Eccer.
Born August 27. Eliza, child of Samuel Bovier and Rachel
Achmody.
Born Sept. 12. Catrina, child of Benjamin Hasbrouck and
Elizabeth McCinly.
Oct. 16 ; born Sept. 4. Nancey, child of Jonas Smith and
Dina Van Ostrant.
Born Sept. 15. Sara, child of Rolof Hasbrouck and Jan-
netje Elting.
Born Sept, 27. Maria, child of Elias Bovier and Sara Le-
fever.
Oct. 30 ; born Sept. 24. Maria, child of James Achmody
and Elizabeth Smith.
Nov. 21 ; born July 23. Bregje, child of Cornelius Kern and
Elsje Kyser.
Witnesses : Charles Kyser and Bregje Etkens.
Born Oct. 8. Elisabeth, child of Isack Hardenberg and
Rachal Graham.
Dec. 26 ; born June 17. David, child of Hugo Doio and
Catrina Bush.
Born Sept. 17. Charles, child of John Slott, Jr., and Geer-
truy Van Vliet.
Born Dec. 6. Margarita Salome, child of Step'. Goetschius
and Elizabeth Dubois.
Witnesses : Gerret Blinkerhof and Margrita Goetschius.
177
1792. Jan. i
; born Nov. 25, 1791. Hendricus, child of
Jacob Bovier and Maria York.
Jan. 8; born Dec. 24,1791. Nathan, child of Levi Doio
and Margriet Pawling.
Jan. 22 ; born Nov. 14, 1791. Jennet Blare, child of James
Gallasbie and Elizabeth Brown.
Born Dec. 3, 1791. Rebecca, child of Charles and Maria
Dubois.
Witnesses : Jacob Low and Rebecca Van Wagene.
Born Nov. 23, 1791. Peter, child of David Handmore and
Nelly Ellenor.
Jan. 29 ; born Dec. 27, 1791. Evert Terwilger, child of
Matheus Blonjan and Jacoba Borhans.
Witnesses ; Bodowyn Terpenning and Rachel Terwilger.
March 4 ; born Feb. 6, 1792. Gertruy, child of David Low
and Rachel Lemerter.
Witnesses : Cornelius Dubois and Gertruy Bruyn.
Born Dec. 29, 1791. Jeny, child of Simon Frere and Phebe
Kitcham.
Witnesses : Elisa Frere and Martha Everet.
(A leaf in the original seems here to have been lost.)
Nov. II ; bom Oct. 8, 1792. Hendricus, child of Isack
Dubois and Rebecca Doio.
Born Oct. 23. Nella, child of Lowis Hardenberg and Catrien
Daly.
Nov. 18 ; born Oct. 16. Jonas, child of Noagh Lefever and
Cornelia Bovier.
Witness : Jonas Bovier.
Born Oct. 26. Alida, child of Ambrose Elmore and Maria
Doio.
Witnesses : Christian Doio and Alida Terwilger.
Nov. 23 ; born Nov. 21. Catrina, child of Jeremias Frere
and Sara Van Wagenen.
Nov. 30 ; born. Dec. 4 (?). Sarah, child of Benjamin
Doio and Susanna Kritzinger.
Witnesses : Willem Doio and Sara Elting.
Born Nov. 11, 1792. Nathanel, child of Wessel Dubois and
Catrien Lefever.
178
Nov. 27 ; born Nov. 11. Daniel, child of Isack Low and
Francisca Everet.
1793, Jan. 14; born Dec. 15, 1792. Coenraad Lefever,
child of Abram Sluiter and Elisabeth Davis.
Born Oct. 17, 1792. Stephen, child of Isack Sluiter and
Sara Kritsinger.
Born Dec. 8, 1792. John, child of John Windfield and
Jenny Van Ostrant.
Born Oct. 18, 1792. Jacob, child of Ephraim Kyser and
Lena Klyn.
Witnesses : Jacob Kyser and Amalyma Sluiter.
Born Oct. 11, 1792. Catrina, child of Gerret Vanbunscho-
ten and Rebecca Tatton.
Witness : Catrina Van Wagene.
Jan. 20 ; born Dec. 6, 1792. Abram Bovier, child of Daniel
Van Wagene and Catryntje Low.
Witnesses : Abram Bovier and Sara Low.
Feb. 3 ; born Nov. 17, 1792. Andries, child of Josia K. ?
Elting and Sara Lefever.
Witness : Andries Lefever.
Born Aug. 21, 1792. Gabriel, child of Elisa frere and
Martha Everet.
Born Dec. 8, 1792. Matheus, child of Simon Lefever and
Jenneke Zwart.
Feb. 10 ; born Jan. 24. Catrien, child of Philip Doio and
Gertruy Lefever.
Feb. 14 ; born Jan. 17. George, child of Piter Ostran-
der and Clarissa Fortham.
Born Jan. 30. Benjamin, child of Jacob Van Keuren and
Elisabeth Terwilger.
March 17 ; born Feb. 15. Daniel, child of Timothy Branen
and Maria York.
Witnesses : Daniel York and Maria Van Aken.
Born Feb. 4. Christoffel, child of David Doio and Rachel
Ein.
Witness : Debora Van Vliet.
March 23. Jacobus, child of Jacobus Myers and Catrina
Snyder.
179
Born Jan. 21. Elisabeth, child of Denie Raljie and An-
natje Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Benjamin Raljie and Elisabeth Van Vliet.
March 31 ; born March 11. Ester, child of Ezechiel Van
Wagene and Rachel Janson.
April 7 ; born Feb. 18. Rachel, child of Johannes Lefever
and Elisabeth Dubois.
April 28 ; born May (?) 16. Betcy, child of Jonathan Tam-
kins and Peggy Heffy. *
Born March 31. Eva, child of James Achmody and Elisa-
beth Smith.
Witness : Eva Smith.
Born April 18. John Dubois, child of Lowis and Maria
Hardenberg.
Born March 28. Cornelis Dubois, child of Henry Green
and Maria Doio.
Born Jan. 12. Adam, child of Christoffel Green and Catrina
Eccert.
Born March 11. Tjark, child of Jonathan Traphagen and
Maria Terwilger.
Witnesses : Elisa Ostrander and Sally Simson.
May 1 1 ; born Jan. 24. Jonathan, child of Jonathan Lefever
and Catrina Frere.
May 12 ; born Feb. 17. Joseph, child of Edward Wood, Jr.,
and Anna Westleake.
Witnesses : Joseph Klarwater and Lidia Wood.
Born March 12. Eva, child of Thomas Klarwater and Lea
Wood.
Born April 5. Salomon, child of Ezechiel and Magdalena
Elting.
Witnesses : Salomon Elting and Catrina Van Deusen.
Born March 17. Rachel, child of Salomon Elting and Cat-
rina Lefever. *
Born March 29. Sara, child of Art Terwilger and Sara Saxon.
May 18 ; born March 9. Margrietje, child of Jesaias Has-
brouck and Maria Bovier.
June 9 ; born May 16. Daniel, child of Petrus Lefever, Jr.,
and Magdalena Elting.
i8o
June i6 ; born Feb. 20. William, child of Jacob Wilkelo
and Elisabeth Hood.
Bom June 3. Christoffel, child of Solomon Low, Jr., and
Hester Low.
July 7. Jannetje, child of Matheus Hess and Martha Litz.
Witness : Janetje Wekman.
Born June 7. Dirk, child of Jacob Kyser and Amalyna
Sluiter.
Born June 18. John, child of James Mahony and Mary
Decker.
July 21 ; born June 25. Abraham, child of Abraham Doio
and Maria Lefever.
Born June 24. Maria, child of Johannes Wilkelo and Jack-
emyntje Strawbridge.
Born June 16. John Everse, child of Evert I. Terwilger
and Maria Frere.
Sept. I ; born Aug. 16. John, child of Laurence Hood and
Sara Walron.
Sept. 22 ; born June 26. Annatje, child of Philip Le-
monjon and Mary Wells.
Born Aug. 29. John, child of Adam Jepold and Arriantje
Hendrick.
Oct. 6 ; born Aug. 13. Elisabeth, child of Jacob Lefever
and Lidia Doio.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever and Elisabeth Vernoy.
Oct. 27 ; born Aug. 28. Wyntje, child of Cornelius Krom
and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : Jonathan Krom and Maria Morris.
Born Sept. 25. Christian, child of Johannes Doio and Cat-
rien Kritzinger.
Born Sept. 13. Maria, child of Jacob Green and Rachel
Sammons.
Nov. 25 ; born Oct. 30. Dina, child of Philip and Catryntje
Elting.
,
Witness : Abram Elting.
Dec. 25 ; born Nov. 21. Maria, child of Charles Harden-
berg and Annatje Lefever.
Dec. 24 ; born Nov. 25. Jane, child of Zacharias Burger
and Elisabeth Windfield.
1794; Jan. i ; born Nov, 23, 1793. Levi, child of Jonathan
Frere and Margrietje Doio.
Born Oct. 21, 1793. Mary, child of Jonas Smitt and Dina
Van Ostrant.
Born Nov. 30, 1793. Lewis Hardenberg, child of John Van
Ostrant and Anna Catong.
Witness : Eva Vrelinghuise.
Born Dec. 4, 1793. Rebecca, child of Elias Bovier and
Sara Lefever.
Jan. 19 ; born Nov. 9, 1793. Titus, child of Simon Frere
and Phebe Kitcham.
Born Dec. 11,1793. Catryntje, child of Rolof Hasbrouck
and Jannetje Elting.
Witnesses : Jacobus Hardenberg and Catryntje Elting.
Born Sept. 9, 1793. Jemes Gilbert, child of Francis Hand-
more and Phebe Gilbart.
Born Aug. 19, 1793- James, child of Daniel Sluiter and
Sara Bovier.
Born July 17, 1793- Elisabeth, child of Jesse Cool and
Jenny Frere.
Born Aug. 22, 1793. Lena, child of Abram Wesmiller and
Hester Raljie.
Feb. 9 ; born Jan. 4. Maria, child of Johannes Walron,
Jr., and Marretje Herres.
Born Jan. i. Albert, child of Lambert Jinkins and Annatje
Bartolf.
Born Dec. 30, 1793. Catarine, child of Isack Hardenberg
and Rachel Graham.
Born June 13, 1793. Elisabeth, child of Robert Claton and
Mary Revoe (?)
March 27 ; born Feb. 14. Petrus, child of Jehu Low and
Elisabeth Snyder.
March 30 ; born Feb. 15. Elisabeth, child of Moses and
Anatje Frere.
Witnesses : Paulus Frere and Elisabeth Van Wagenen.
Born Feb. 9. Sara, child of Hugo Sluiter and Sara Frere.
l82
April 20; born March 25. Stephanus, child of Marcus
Wecman and Jenny Kool.
May 11; born April 28. Jeremias, child of Daniel Frere,
Jr., and Rachel Devaal.
Born Oct. i, 1793. Jannetje, child of Jordan Pulhemus and
Lidia Doio.
May 18 ; born March 19. Maria, child of Salomon Doio and
Bregje Frere.
Witnesses : Simeon Doio and Maria Depue.
Born May 23. Annatje, child of Jacob Blonjan and Maretje
Hermanse.
Witnesses : Edward Hermanse and Anatje Blonjan.
June 22 ; born May 3. Mary, child of John Dun and Sarah
Lockwood.
Born April 21. John, child of William Hood and Sarah
Caddington.
July 21 ; born May 30. John, child of Arie Myer and
Santje Stum.
Aug. 24 ; born July 13. Johannes, child of Eliphas and
Sara Smitt.
Born July 8. Marytje, child of Cornelius Connency and
Annatje Sluiter.
Born June 15. Johannes, child of George Vansyl and
Catrien Wilkelo.
Aug. 31 ; born Oct. 16, 1793. Anatje, child of John Keter
and Rebecca Elmore.
Witnesses : Simon Elmore and Annie Frere.
Sept. 14 ; born Aug. 7. Jacobus, child of Simion Frere and
Elisabeth Elmondorph.
Witnesses : Jacobus Elmondorph, Jr., and Maria Terwilger.
Oct. 5 ; born Sept. 10. Wyntje, child of Willem Smitt and
Magdalena Aghmody.
Born Sept. 8. Maria, child of Benjamin H. Frere and
Eva Eccert.
Born Aug 20. Cornelius, child of Simon Helm and Maria
Schonmaker.
Born July 30. Maria, child of Benjamin I. Terwilger and
Elisabeth Bindfield.
i83
Born Aug. 27. Rachel, child of Lowis Hardenberg and
Catrina Daly.
Witnesses : Henry Daly and Catrina Terwilger.
Born Sept. 17. Willem, child of Moses Doio and Maria
Ostrander.
Witness : William Delemerter.
Born Sept. 9. Elsje, child of Isack Frere and Maria Ter-
wilger.
Born Oct. 15. Sara, child of James Weldon and Lidia Litz.
Born Sept. 8. Maria, child of Josia Elting and Sara Le-
fever.
Witnesses : Rolof Eling and Maria Low.
Nov. 2 ; born Sept. 27. Philip, child of Johannes Has-
brouck and Caty McDonald.
Born Sept. 25. Eva, child of Jesaias Sluiter and Guirtry
Van Ostrant.
Born Sept. 17. Polly, child of Timothy Branen and Polly
York.
Born Oct. 6. Nathanel, child of Charles and Polly Dubois.
Witnesses : Nathanel and Ann Dubois.
Nov. 9 ; born Oct. 11. Jannetje, child of John I. Frere, Jr.,
and Margrita Bennet.
Nov. 23 ; born Nov. 2. Petrus Ostrander, child of David
Raljie and Laura Ostrander.
Dec. 14 ; born Oct. 18. Maria, child of Christoffel Green
and Catrina Eccert.
Born Nov. 4. Christoffel, child of Ezechiel Low and Eva
Stryker.
Born July 5. Mills, child of Peter Wells and Osseltje
Schryver.
Dec. 26 ; born Nov. 13. Johannes, child of Daniel and
Sarah Bovier.
1795, Jan. 4 ; born Nov. 19, 1794. Maria, child of Johannes
Lefeverand Elisabeth Dubois.
Jan. 25 ; born Dec. 29, 1794. Abram Van Wagene, child
of Levi Van Wagene and Elisabeth Low.
Born October 20, 1794. Daniel, child of Benjamin Has-
brouck and Maria Bovier.
1 84
Born Dec. 21. Jannetje, child of Willem Doio and Sarah
Elting.
Witnesses : Benjamin Doio and Jannetje Van Vliet.
Born Sept. 29. Peter, child of Isack Bodoin and Rachel
Dubois.
Born Oct. 16. Sartje, child of John Barret and Seletje
Palmetier.
Born Nov. 30. Lena, child of Robert Leroy and Blandina
Palmetier.
Jan. 26 ; born Nov. 22, 1793. Jacob, child of David Goff
and Johanna Devoe.
Born Feb. 24, 1788, Gabriel; born Jan. 12, 1794, Mary,
children of Nowell Forman and Margriet Hoff.
Feb. 8 ; born Jan. 10. Benjamin, child of William Davis
and Catrina Smitt.
Born July 31, 1794. Phebe, child of Hendric Wicman and
Lidia Hart.
Born Nov. 25, 1794. Johannes, child of Jacobus Devenport
and Maria Moul.
Born Jan. 19. Josia, child of Salomon and Hester Low.
Feb. 15 ; born Jan. 28. Josia Doio, child of Ambrosius
Elmore and Maria Doio.
Witnesses : Josia Doio and Catrina Blonjan.
April 19 ; born Jan. 20. Magdalena, child of Noagh
Lefever and Cornelia Bovier.
Witnesses : Andries and Magdalena Lefever.
Born Feb. 26- Maria, child of Petrus Lefever, Jr., and
Magdalena Elting.
Born Feb. i. Rachel, child of Stephanus Schryver and Sara
Stenberg.
Witnesses : Matheus and Margriet.
May 10 ; born Jan. 18. Benjamin, child of Evert Burger
and Maria York.
Born April 7. Jacobus, child of Elias Ein and Elisabeth
Hasbrouck.
Born April 13. Lucas, child of Daniel Van Wagene and
Catryntje Low.
i85
Born March i8, at 12 o'clock m., John Henry ; born March
18, at 3 o'clock P.M., Steven Zobriskie, children of Steph.
Goetschius and Elisabeth Dubois.
May 22 ; born March 18. Rachel, child of Casparus Van
Ostrant and Eva Vrelinghuisen.
May 24 ; born April 26. Catrina, child of Jonathan Dubois
and Rachel Goetschius.
Born Feb. 14. Jannetje, child of Denie Raljie and Annatje
Van Vliet.
Witnesses : Dirk Van Vliet and Anatje Raljie.
Born Sept. 21, 1794. Magdalena, child of Benjamin Wood
and Eva Smitt.
Witnesses : Willem Smitt and Magdalena Aghmody.
June 14 ; born March 15. Neltje, child of Mynert Vilie
and Johanna Parmetier.
Witnesses : Simon Vilie and Neltje Parmetier.
Born April 12. Elisabeth, child of John Lemonjon and
Elisabeth Wells.
Born Feb. 23, Sara and Cornelia, children of Philip Doio
and Guirtruy Lefever.
Born May 8. Richard, child of Josia Ab. ? Elting and Ester
Broadhead.
July 5 ; born June 6. Jonas, child of Ezechiel Frere and
Elisabeth Sluiter.
Witnesses : Jonas Frere and Maria Sluiter.
Born May 10. Jonathan Terwilger, child of Jonathan Trap-
hagen and Maria Terwilger.
Aug. 16 ; born July 24. Maria, child of Ezechiel and Mag-
dalena Elting.
Born July 12. Peter, child of Simon Vilie and Neltje
Palmetier.
Born July 22. Polly, child of David Philips and Polly
Swarthout.
Sept. 3 ; born July 13. John, child of Edward Wood and
Ann Westlake.
Sept. 7 ; born June 13. Petrus, child of Petrus Crouterand
Catrina Steveson.
Born Aug. 27. Henry, child of Adam Jepold and Arriantje
Hendricson.
i86
Born July 13. Lourence, child of Jacob Wilkelo and Elisa-
beth Hood.
Witness : Rachel Hood.
! Born Aug. 10. John, child of William Geding or Gedney
/and Betcy Leroy.
Born July 13. Daniel, child of Isack Dubois and Rebecca
Doio.
Witness : Daniel Dubois.
Born Aug. 11. Daniel, child of Johannes Berenhart and
Sara Sluiter.
Witnesses : Daniel Dubois and Tryntje Lefever.
Sept, 27 ; born Sept. 15. Elisabeth, child of Piter Cetur
and Gertje Roos.
Witnesses : Jacob Ketur and Elisabeth Constable.
Oct. 18 ; born Aug. 25. Andries I-efever, child of Andries
Dubois, Jr., and Elisabeth Lefever.
Witnesses : Andries and Lena Lefever.
:i Oct. 25 ; born July 21. Johannes, child of Charles Harden-
jberg and Annatje Lefever.
' Born Oct. 9. Benjamin, child of Johannes B. Doio and
Catrien Kritsinger.
Born June 10. Sara, child of Jacob Van Keuren and
Elisabeth Terwilger.
Witnesses : Jesaias Doio and Annatje Terwilger.
Born Aug. 31. Sara, child of Isack Dubois and Debora
Raljie.
Oct. 27 ; born Sept. 14. Jannetje, child of Johannes, Jr.,
and Jannetje Terwilger.
Tjatje, child of Cornelius Frere and Margrietje Weller.
Witnesses : Johannes Weller and Tjatje Hasten.
Born Oct. 7. Jonas, child of John J. Slott and Gertje Van
Vliet.
Witnesses : Jonas Slott and Abigael Longsberry.
Nov. 7 ; born July 16. Maria, child of Jordan Purhemus
and Lidia Doio.
Nov. 8 ; born Oct. 22. Peter, child of Evert Terwilger and
Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Samuel Terwilger and Elisabeth Frere.
i87
Born Sept. 15. Catrina, child of George Baster and Hannah
Helm.
Nov. 29 ; born Oct. 27. Jeremias, child of Jeremias Frere
and Sara Van Wagene.
Born Oct. 26. Wyntje, child of Jonas Smith and Dina Van
Ostrant.
Born Oct. 27. Rolof, child of Jonathan Frere and Margriet
Doio,
1796 ; Jan. 10, born Nov. 29, 1795. Maria, child of Abram
Wesmiller and Hester Raljie.
Feb. 15 ; born Dec. 12, 1795. Maria, child of Daniel Sluiter
and Sara Bovier.
Born Nov. 28, 1795. Abram Ein, child of Benjamin Has-
brouck and Annatje Ein.
Witnesses : Abram Ein and Catrina Van Wagene.
Born July 9, 1795. Elisabeth, child of Jeremia Ellis and
Susanna Brown.
Born Jan. 17. Thomas, child of Jacobus Elmondorph and
Bregje Etkins.
Witness : Nella Samons.
Born Jan. 18. Maria, child of Philip Lefever and Elsje
Dubois.
Witnesses : Daniel Dubois and Tryntje Lefever.
Feb. 18 ; born Jan. 10. Elias, child of Josia Depue and
Rachel Hardenberg.
March 13 ; born Feb. 22. Magdalena, child of Philip and
Catrina Elting.
Witnesses : Petrus Lefever, Jr., and Magdalena Elting.
April 3 ; born Feb. 12. Sarah, child of Benjamin Terwilger
and Maria Frere.
Witnesses : Isack Frere, Jr., and Sara Terwilger.
Born Feb. 26. James, child of Petrus Helm and Elisabeth
Parrine.
April 17 ; born Dec. i, 1795. Louis, child of Jacob J. Has-
brouck and Margrietje Hardenberg.
Born March 17. Rachel, child of Abram P. Schonmaker
and Catrina Frere.
Witness : Rachel Schonmaker.
1 88
Born March 7. Magdalena, child of Elias Bovier and Sara
Lefever.
Born March 16. Zacharias, child of Abram Bovier and
Marytje Frere.
Witnesses : Zacharias Frere and Jannetje Dubois.
May 8; born March 17. Arriantje, child of Jacobus Vilie
and Catryntje Palmetier.
Born April 9. Sartje, child of Simon Raljie and Lena Doio.
Born Feb. 2. Jonas, child of Simon Frere and Elisabeth
Elmondorph.
Witnesses : Jonas Frere and Magdalena Bovier.
May 16 ; born April 25. Dennis, child of Dennes Coleman
and Tjatje Roos.
Witness : Maria Hasbrouck.
Born Feb. —. Johannes, child of Johannes Wilkelo and
Jackemyntje Trowbridge.
Born March 16. Elisa, child of Zacharias Burger and
Elisabeth Windfield.
Witnesses : Elisa Ostrander and Selly Simson.
Born April 8. Simon, child of Abram Sluiter and Elisabeth
Davis.
Witnesses : Simon Hendricse and Lea Sluiter.
June 5 ; born Feb. 17. Maria, child of Jesaias Hasbrouck
and Maria Bovier.
Born Jan. 11. Benjamin, child of William Hood and Sarah
Caddington.
Born April 6. Charles, child of Francis Handmore and
Phebe Gilbert.
Born May 21. Ester, child of Elisa Frere and Martha
Everet.
Born April 2. Rachel, child of Noel Forman and Margriet
Hoff.
July 19 ;
born June 3. Johannis, child of Johannes York
and Jannetje Bovier.
Born June 6. Maria, child of Jonathan Lefever and Catrina
Frere.
Sept. 28
;
born Aug. 25. Rachel, child of Josua R. Eltinge
and Sarah Lefefer.
1 89
Born May 25, 1796. Magdelena, child of Rolof Haasbroek
and Janetie Eltinge.
Born Sept. 10. Catrina, child of David Deyoo and Rachel
len.
Witnesses : Abraham len and Catrina Vanwagene.
Born Dec. 10. Elizabeth, child of Jeremiah Low and
Weyntie Wieler.
Born Aug. 23. Petrus, child of Jonathan Deyoo and Maria
Lefefer.
Oct. 27 ; born Sept. 22. Andrew, child of Johannes Has-
brouck and Caty McDonald.
Dec. 15 ; born Oct. 6. Hendric, child of Timothy Branen
and Maria York.
Witnesses : Hendric Van Wagenen and Margriet York.
Born Nov. 5. Benjamin, child of Lucas Vanwagenen and
Cornelia Merkil.
Witness : Benjamin Merkil.
Born Aug. 28. Elisabeth, child of Jonathan, Jr., and Maria
Terwilger.
Born Nov. 4. Rachel, child of Paulus Frere and Elisabeth
Van Wagene.
Witnesses : Petrus Schonmaker and Rachel Vanwagene.
Born Nov. 24. Benjamin, child of John Z. Flaglor and
Anne Bogert.
Witness : Mary Sluiter.
1797, Jan. 29 ; born Nov. 24, 1796. Elias, child of Philip-
pus Schonmaker and Rachel Frere.
Born Jan. 23. Elisabeth, child of Matheus Hess and Martha
Litz.
Born Oct. 22, 1796. Gertruy, child of Hendric Wekman
and Lidia Hert.
Born Nov. 12, 1796. Susanna, child of William Litz and
Elisabeth Palmetier.
Jan. 30 ; born Sept. 15, 1796. Maria, child of John France
and Sara Elting.
Witness : Elisabeth Depuy.
Born Jan. 27, 1797. Paul, child of Job Tilson and Hester
Frere.
Witnesses : Paulus Frere and Elisabeth Vanwagene.
I go
Born Dec. 30, 1796. Jinny, child of Christoffer Green and
Catrina Eccert.
Born No. 16, 1796. Krynus, child of Lambartus Jinkins
and Annatje Bartolf.
Born Dec. 20, 1796. Elisabeth, child of Simon Raljie and
Maria Divine.
April 17 ; born Feb. 17. Maria, child of David Low and
Rachel Delemerter.
Witnesses : Methusalem D and Catrina Bovier.
Born Feb. 8. Rolof, child of Piter Lefever, Jr., and Mag-
dalena Elting.
Witnesses : Rolof Elting and Maria Low.
Born April 6. Elias, child of Moses and Annatje Frere.
Witnesses : Jacob J. Frere and Grietje Ein.
Born Jan. 27. Pitronella, child of Johannes Lefever and
Elisabeth Dubois.
Witnesses : Andries and Lena Lefever.
Born Jan. 28. Grietje, child of Jost Ekhart and Grietje
Roos.
Born Sept. 22, 1796. Forman, child of Samuel Budd and
Polly Leroe.
Witness : Jenny Wertz.
Born Feb. 20. Petrus, child of Matheus Doio and Selly
Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Petrus Hasbrouck and Selly Bovier.
Born Jan. 18. John, child of Jacob Roos and Selly Yel-
verton.
Witnesses : John Roos and Catrina Pekker.
Born Feb. 3. Hendric, child of Gerret Dubois and Maria
Elting.
Born Jan. 22. Jannetje, child of Salomon Elting, Jr., and
Rachel Eccert.
Born April 12. Sara, child of William Doio and Sara
Elting.
Born Jan. 5. Mathew, child of Petrus Hardenberg and
Jenny Armstrong.
Born Sept. 24. (1796 ?) Polly, child of George Vansyl and
Catrina Wilkilo.
191
Born Jan. 15. Rolof Hasbrouck, child of Simeon Shorger
and Enne Eccert.
Born April 3. Ezechiel, child of Benjamin Sluiter and
Elisabeth Nies.
June 18 ; born May 15. Salomon, child of Daniel Vn
Wagenen and Tryntje Low.
Born May 22. Jacob, child of Petrus York and Margritta
Vn Leuven.
Born May 13. Jacamyntje, child of Peter Elting and Cor-
nelia Wyncoop.
Witnesses : Derick Wyn and Annatje El .
Sept. 3 ; born July 11. Catrina, child of Noah Le Fever
and Cornelia Bovier.
Witnesses : Daniel and Catrina Lef .
Born July 12. Christina, child of David Reljea and Laura
Ostrander.
Born May 24. Andreas, child of Philip Doyo and Geertruy
Lefever.
Born Aug. 12. Francis, child of William Kidney and Eliza-
beth LeRoi.
Sept. 19; born Mays. Hester, child of Zacharias Frere
and Jenneke Dubois.
Born July 16. Elsje, child of Simon Frere and Phebe Kat-
cham.
Born April 9. Gerret, child of Daniel Hasbrouck and
Margrietje Frere.
Born April 8. Abram, child of David Philips and Polly
Swartwout.
Sept. 27 ; born Feb. i. Rachel, child of John Lemonjon
and Elisabeth Wells.
Born Aug. i. Abram, child of Dirk Johnson and Margrietje
Stenberg.
Oct. 22 ; born Sept. 22. Daniel, child of Simon Roos and
Maria Van Wagenen.
— 21 ; born Oct. 14. Maria, child of Isaac Bodine and
Rachel Dubois.
Born July 22, Daniel, child of Nathaniel Deyoe and Lea
Dewitt.
Witness : Daniel Deyoe.
192
Born Sept. 12. William, child of Abraham Hood and
Rachel Feelie.
1798, Jan. 4 ; born Jan. i, 1797. Myndert, child of Jacobus
Viele and Catharina Palmetier.
Jan. 4; born Dec. 3, 1797. Jonas, child of Abraham P.
Schoonmaker and Catharina Freer.
Witnesses : Jonas and Lena Freer.
Born Aug. 22, 1797. Joseph, child of Isaac Debois and
Rebecca Deyoe.
April 29 ; born April 10. Sarah, child of Ezechiel and
Magdalena Elting.
Born Sept. 25, 1797. Maria, child of Peter Wells and
Osseltje Schryver.
Born March 18. Polly, child of Ambrose Elmore and
Maria Doio,
Born March 4. Sara, child of Smith ? Hoisted and Maria
Schriver.
Witnesses : Stephen Schriver and Sara Stenberg.
Born April 7. Sara, child of Philip Lefever and Elsje Du-
bois.
Witness : Sara Lefever.
Born March 9. Thejrk, child of Jacob Lefever and Lidia
Doio.
Born April 13. Peter, child of John Fleger and Charity
Vandebogert.
April II ; born March 25. Antje, child of Benjamin Has-
broeck and Maria Bevie.
No date of baptism. Born May 14. Stephanus, child of
Johannes B. Dejoo and Catharina Kritsingen.
Born Jan. 31. Jacobus, child of Levi Van Waagene and
Elizabeth Law.
Born April 4. Rebecka, child of Ezechiel Van Wagene and
Rachel Janse.
Born May 9. Hannah, child of John Dunn and Sarah
Lockwood.
Aug. 12 ; born June 15. Hanna, child of Johannes Wilkelo
and Jackemyntje Trowbridge.
Born July 28. Sara, child of Mynert Vilie and Johanna
Palmetier.
193
Born July 14. Lena, child of Marynus Terpenning and De-
bora Raljie.
Witnesses : Willem Raljie and Lena Ostrander.
Born July 14. William, child of Amassa Michel and Mary
Bovier.
Bom July 4. Jenneke, child of Elias Bovier and Sara
Lefever.
Witnesses : Samuel Dubois and Jenneke Lefever.
Born July 23. Gamaliel, child of Marcus Wekman and
Jannetje Kool.
Born Jan. 22. Hennery, child of Samuel Crissel and Ame
Polhemus.
Born July 20. Johannes, child of Isack Dubois and Debora
Raljie.
Born May 12. Isack, child of Benjamin B. Frere and Maria
Terwilger.
Born May 30. Annatje, child of Hendricus Goetschius and
Margriet Masten.
Born Dec. 12, 1797. Elisabeth, child Of Abram Wesmiller
and Hester Raljie.
Aug. 22 ; born July 28. Thomas, child of Thomas Owens
and Caty Vanwagene.
Born July 26. Arriantje, child of Dennis Colman and
Tjatje Roos.
Witness : Arriantje Schonmaker.
Oct. 2 1 ; born Sept. 24. Polly, child of Johannes Hasbrouck
and Kete McDonald.
Oct. 24 ; born Sept. 15. Lewis, child of Charles and Maria
Dubois.
Witness : Lewis Dubois.
Born Sept. 28. Treyntie, child of Garret Dubois and Maria
Elting.
Born Sept. 9. Henry, child of Hendrick Werkman and
Lidia Hert.
Born Aug. 23. Benjamin, child of Phillip Schoonmaker and
Rachel Freer.
Born Sept. 7. Moses, child of Phillip and Tryntie Elting.
13
194
1799) J^'^- 2 ; born Nov. 13, 1798. Annatje, child of Sam-
uel Dubois and Jenneke Lefever.
Witnesses : Petrus Frere and Annatje Dubois.
Born Dec. 20, 1798. Methusalem, child of Jacob Doio and
Rachel Wood.
Born Nov. 26, 1798. Abram Een, child of David Doio and
Rachel Een.
Born Nov, 10, 1798. Timothy Frere, child of Job Telson
and Hester Frere.
Born Nov. 8, 1798. Hester, child of John Elting and Jan-
netje Wertz.
Born Dec. 6, 1798. Rachel, child of Christoffer Green and
Catrina EcceH.
Born Dec. 7, 1798. Maria, child of Josia Hasbrouck and
Sara Decker.
Born Sept. 13, 1798. Caty, child of Samuel Budd and Polly
Leroe.
Born Oct. 18, 1798. Jacob, child of Timothy Brannen and
Polly York.
Witnesses : Jacob Crispel and Polly Schoonmaker,
Born Aug. 20, 1798. Anne, child of Gideon Ostrander and
Elisabeth Dusenberg.
Born Sept. i, 1798. Benjamin Frere, child of Benjamin Ter-
wilger, Jr., and Maria Frere.
Feb. 7 ;
born June 26, 1798. Salomon, child of Salomon
Doio and Bregje Frere.
Born Jan. 12. Lowis, child of Jonas Dubois and Rachel
Lefever-
Witness : Louis Dubois.
Born Dec. 20, 1798. Margriet, child of Levi Doio and
Margrietje Pahng.
Born Dec. 11, 1798. Maria, child of Jonathan, Jr., and Maria
Terwilger.
May 8 ; born March 5. Jonathan, child of Lucas Van
Wagene and Corneha Merkil.
Born March 7. Daniel, child of Matheus Blonjan and
Maria Dubois.
Witnesses : Daniel Dubois and Tryntje Lefever.
195
Born Feb. 23. Annatje, child of Benjamin Sluiter, Jr., and
Elisabeth Nies.
Born March 15. Jonas, child of Daniel Hasbrouck and
Margrietje Frere.
Witnesses : Jonas and Wyntje Hasbrouck.
Born Feb. 23. Margrietje, child of Moses Dewitt and
Elisabeth Doio.
Witnesses : Daniel Doio and Catrina Dewitt.
Born Aug. 25. David, child of Charles Mackey and Rachel
Baker.
Born Sept. 22. Jemes Burnet, child of Lucas Billyou and
Mary Burnett. f
Aug. II ; born March 7. Hendric, child of Hendric Raljie
and Elisabeth Wesmiller.
Born May 14. Annatje, child of Moses Frere, deceased, and
Annatje Frere.
Witnesses : Benjamin Frere and Elisabeth Terwilger.
Born Sept. 3, 1798 ? Elisabeth, child of William Erwin and
Jane Ennes.
Born May 27. Johannes, child of Elias and Elisabeth Ein.
Born May 10. Horatio Nelson, child of Levi P. McDonald
and Enne Wood.
Witnesses : William and Elisabeth McDonald,
Born June 4. Jannetje, child of Piter Lefever, Jr., and Mag-
dalena Eltinge.
Bom May 11. Gertje Wynkop, child of Petrus Eltinge and
Cornelia Wynkop.
Witness : Gertje Wynkop.
Born May 3. Polly, child of Peter Johnson, Jr., and Nancy
Saxon.
Born May 22. Catryntje, child of Daniel Van Wagene and
Catryntje Low.
Born May 20. Elisabeth, child of Simon Frere, Jr., and
Phebe Ketcham.
Sept. 25 ; bom Aug. 22. Catrina, child of Jonathan Doio,
Jr., and Catrina Ein.
Witnesses : Abram Ein and Catrina Van Wagene.
Born Aug. 6. Ezechiel, child of William Doio and Sara
Eltinge.
196
Born Aug. 23. William, child of William Doio and Elisa-
beth Palmetier.
Born April 16. Abram, child of John Barret and Seletje
Palmetier.
Born June 10. Jacob, child of Robert Leroy and Dintje
Palmetier.
Oct. 13 ; born Sept. i. Isaac, child of Zacherias Freer and
Yannetie Dubois.
Witness : Isaac Freer.
Born Aug. 17. Margaret, child of Wilhelmus Hasbrouck
and Alida Frere.
Born Aug. 28. Sarah, child of Ezegiel Van Wagenen and
Rachel Johnsen.
Nov. 3 ; born July 4. Garret, child of Jonathan Lefever
and Catharina Freer.
Born Sept. —. Margaret, child of Mathew Dejo and Sally
Hasbrook.
Born 1799. John Waldron, child of Jacob Wilkeloo and
Margaret Harris.
Born Sept. 7. Abraham Dubois, child of Simeon Shuragen
and Anne Akker.
Nov. 17 ; born Oct. 23. Maria, child of Abraham P.
Schoonmaker and Catarina Freer.
Witness : Maria Freer.
Born July 30. Meynderd, child of Abraham Hood and
Rachel Veley.
Born Oct. 3. Abraham, child of Ann Bogart, wife of John
Flagler, Quaker.
Born Sept. 11. Phebe, child of William Hood and Anne
Simons.
Born Sept. 13. James, child of James Soper and Margaret
Dunn.
Dec. 8 ; born Oct. 9. Alida, child of James Russel and
Lambertha Ostrander.
Dec. 29 ; born Nov. 30. Cornelia, child of Johannes Le-
fevre and Elizabeth Dubois.
Bom Oct. 24. Peter, child of Simon Rose and Maria Van
Wagenen.
197
i8oo, Jan. 12 ; born Dec. 18, 1799. Sarah, child of Zacha-
rias Sluyter and Elizabeth Freer.
Witnesses : Jeremy Freer and Sarah Van Wagenen.
'
Born May 10, 1797, Simon ; born Sept. 16, 1799, Peter,
children of Jeremiah Hasbrook and Anne Hasten.
Witness : Sarah Bevier.
Jan. 26 ; born Dec. 15, 1799. George Washington, child of
Sheffield Forster and Ann Lowe.
Feb. 22 ; born Feb. i. Gertrude, child of Levi Van Wag-
enen and Elizabeth Lowe.
Feb. 23 ; born Jan. 19. Nathaniel Lefevre, child of Jonas
Dubois and Rachel Lefevre.
Born Feb. 4. Maria, child of Ezechial Lowe and Eva
Stryker.
Born Oct. 8, 1799. Benjamin, child of Jonathan Traphagen
and Maria Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Benjamin Terwilliger and Maria Freer.
March 9 ; born Jan. 17. Mary, child of Josiah Eltinge and •
Hester Broadhead.
Born Jan. 31. Jacobus, child of Johannes York and Jane
Bevier.
March 16 ; born Feb. 10. Janitye, child of David and
Elizabeth Terwilliger.
April 2 ; born Feb. 16. Hiram, child of Isaac Bodine and
Rachel Dubois.
May ri ; bom March 6. Moses, child of Job Tilson and
Hester Freer.
Born Feb. 27. George, child of Jonathan Dubois and
Rachel Goetschius.
Born April 4. Levi, child of Edward Edmundus Schoon-
maker and Lea Rose.
Born April 16. Rachel, child of John I. Freer and Mar-
garit Bennet.
Born April 15. Johannis, child of Philip Schoonmaker and
Rachel Freer.
June 22 ; born May 10. Petrus Lefever, child of Charles
Hardenbergh and Anne Lefever.
Born May 28, Rachel, child of Noah Lefever and Cornelia
Bevier.
Born April 14. Helena, child of Charles Broadhead and
Anne Schoonmaker.
Born May 27. Levi, child of Jacobus Rosa and Sarah Van
Wagenen.
Born May 31. Elihu, child of Jacob Dejo and Rachel Hood.
Born May 17. Derick Wynkoop, child of Thomas Owens
and Catharina Van Wagenen.
July 6 ; born May 24. Maria, child of Isaac Van Wagenen
and Else Freer.
Witnesses : Garret and Maria Freer.
Born Feb. 25. Rhodi, child of Howell ? Furman and
Margaret Huff.
Born May 5. Cornelius, child of Abraham Hardenbergh
and Margaret Dubois.
July 20 ; born April 4. Jacob, child of Amasy Mitchell and
Mary Bevier.
Witnesses : Jacob Bevier and Mary York.
Born June 18. Isaac, child of Benjamin Terwilliger and
Maria Freer.
Elliot, child of John Halstead and Sarah Meyers.
Aug. 10 ; born July 8. Seyntie, child of Peter Auchmoudy
and Eva Smith.
Aug. 24 ; born May 4. Josia, child of Abraham Wessi-
miller and Hester Relyea.
Born June 13. Alexander, child of Samuel and Elizabeth
Coe.
Sept. 21 ; born Aug. 17. Maritie, child of David Rilyea and
Loura Ostrander.
Born June 30. Jacobus, child of Meyndert Veley and Jo-
hanna Palmitier.
Born Aug. 12. Sally, child of Timothy Brannen and Mary
York.
Born Jan. 25. Peter, child of Peter Wells and Osseltie
Schryver.
Born April i. Maria, child of Evert Terwilligen and Maria
Freer.
Nov. 2 ; born Sept. 15. Jonathan, child of Jonathan and
Maria Terwilligen.
199
Nov. 30 ; born Sept. 25. Moses, child of Johannis B. Dojo
and Catharine Critsinger.
Born Oct. 23. Catharine, child of Ezekiel and Magdalen
Eltinge.
Dec. 8 ; born Oct. 3. Simon, child of Lewis Hardenbergh
and Caty Daily.
Born Nov. 26. Derick Wynkoop, child of Peter Elting and
Cornelia Wynkoop.
Witnesses : Derick Wynkoop and Anatie Elting.
Dec. 21 ; born Oct. 16. Cornelius, (or Cornelia?) child of
Josiah R. ? Eltinge and Sarah Lefevre.
Born Sept. 14. Sabrea, child of William Irwin and Jane
Ines.
Dec. 25 ; born Dec. 9. Maria, child of Abraham Shut and
Margaret Myer.
Born Oct. 21. Charick, child of Benjamin Dojo and Susan-
nah Critsinger.
Born Nov. 26. Maurus, child of Jacob J. Hasbrook and
Anne Dubois.
1801, Jan. 18 ; born Dec. 12, 1800. Rebecca, child of
Christopher Green and Catharina Ackert.
Born Dec. 18, 1800. Sarah, child of Josiah Dojo and Maria
Terwilliger.
Born Dec. 18, 1800. Magdalena, child of Arche P. Van
Wagenen and Maria Freer.
Feb. I ; born Dec. 14, 1800. Johannis, child of Jeremiah
Freer and Sarah Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Johannis Van Wagenen and Jane Crom.
Born Dec. 27, 1800. Anatje, child of Solomon Eltinge'and
Rachel Acker.
Witnesses : Derick Wynkoop and Anatje Eltinge.
Born Nov. 21, 1800. Jacob, child of Peter Johnson and
Nancy Saxon.
Feb. IS ; born Jan. 13. Solomon, child of Philip Lefevre
and Else Dubois.
Witness : Solomon Lefevre.
March i ; born Jan. 26. Josiah Dubois, child of Samuel
Budel and Mary LeRue.
200
March 15 ; born Jan. 21. Daniel, child of Jacob Wilkeloo
and Margaret Harris.
Born Jan. 25. Lydia, child of Elias Bevier and Sarah
Lefevre.
April I ; born Sept. 27, 1800. Gamaliel, child of Henry
Wakeman and Lydia Hart.
Born Jan. 19. Jacob Lowe, child of Cornelius Bruyn
Dubois and Rebecca Dubois.
Witnesses : Jacob Lowe and Rebecca V. Wagenen.
April 12 ; born Feb. 20. Elisha Ostrander, child of Benja-
min Sluyter and Elizabeth Neise.
Witnesses : Elisha Ostrander and Sarah Simpson.
Born Feb. 19. Methuselah, child of Philip Eltinge and
Catharine Eltinge.
Witnesses : Methuselah Dubois and Catharina Bevier.
April 15 ; born Feb. 27. Jacob, child of Garrit Dubois
and Maria Eltinge.
Born Dec. 22, 1800. Marinus, child of Timothy Wheeler
and Mary Nostrand.
April 28 ; born July 19, 1798, Andrew ; born Aug. 24, 1800,
David, children of Allen Irwin and Ester Townsend.
May 3 ; born April 1. Samuel Dubois, child of Ezekiel
Freere and Elizabeth Sluyter.
Witnesses : Samuel Dubois and Jane Lefevre.
Born Jan. 7. Annatje, child of David Dojo and Rachel Ein.
Witnesses : Benjamin L Hasbrook and Anatje Ein.
Born April 5. Jannitje, child of Luke Van Wagenen and
Cornelia Merkel.
Born April 19. Jacobus, child of Richard McKinley and
Deborah Rose.
May 17 ; born April 18. Catharine, child of Daniel Louwe
and Elizabeth Gerow.
Bom Feb. 8. Caleb Simmens, child of William Hood and
Anne Simmons.
June 21; born Oct. i, 1798, Peter; born Oct. 8, 1800,
George Clinton, children of George Dill and Lena Burhanse.
July 5 ; born May 11. George, child of Jacob Wirtz and
Treynte Dubois.
Witnesses : George Wirtz and Hester Hasbroek,
20I
July 19 ; born June 14. Elizabeth, child of James Scott
and Hannah Keyset.
Aug. 2 ;
born June 24. Philip, child ofPhilip Schoonmaker
and Rachel Freer.
Aug. 15 ; born July 14. Dubois, child of Wm. N. McDonald
and Mary Dubois.
Aug. 16 ; born July 12. Moses, child of Peter Lefevre, Jr.,
and Magdalen Eltinge.
Born July 14. Gilbert, child of Benjamin U. Terwilliger
and Sarah Saxon.
Born July 9. David, child of James Soper and Margaret
Dunn.
Sept. 6 ; born Aug. 4. Jacob, child of Charles and Maria
Dubois.
Born Aug. 19. Garret, child of Jonas Freer and Wyntie
Hasbrook.
Witnesses : Garret and Maria Freer.
Born June 19. Andries Dewitt, child of Isaac Dubois, Jr.,
and Deborah Relyea.
Sept. 27 ; born Aug. 27. Cornelius, child of William Dojo
and Sarah Elti'nge.
Born Sept. 3. Petrus Een, child of Jonathan Dojo and
Catharina Een.
Witnesses : Peter Een and Maria Dojo.
Born Aug. 10. Aldert, child of Edward E. Schoonmaker
and Lea Rose.
Sept. 27 ; born Aug. 29. Elizabeth, child of Moses Lefevre
and Margaret Vernoy.
Witnesses : Mathew and Elizabeth Lefevre.
Oct. II ; born Sept. 28. James, child of Isaac Lowe, Jr.,
and Anne York.
Born Sept. 11. Lefevre, child of Jonas Dubois and Rachel
Lefevre.
Oct. 25 ; born Sept. 21. Josiah Hasbrook, child of Robert
LeRue and Dinah Palmatier.
Nov. 8 ; born Sept.—. Sarah, child of Wilhelmus Hasbrook
and Agetta Freer.
Nov. 22 ; born Oct. 17. Josiah, child of Roelef and Dinah
Eltinge.
202
Born Oct. 27. Simon, child of Simon Rose and Maria Van
Wagen, dec'd.
Dec. 6 ; born Oct. 23. Rachel, child of Johannis Hasbrook
and Caty McDonald.
Dec. 20 ; born Oct. 8. Delilah, child of Levi P. McDonald
and Anne Wood.
Born Oct. 31. Maria, child of Henry Dubois and Elizabeth
Dojo.
Witnesses : Jonth. Dojo and Maria Lefevre.
1802, Jan. I ; born Nov. 12, 1801. Ariantje, child of Abra-
ham P. Schoonmaker and Catharina Freer.
Witnesses : Petrus P. Schoonmaker and Else Terwilliger.
Feb. 8 ; born Oct. 4, 1801. Margaret Hasbrook, child of
Robert Hood and Martha Wakman.
Witness : Margt. Hasbrook.
Born Dec. 29, 1801. Sarah, child of Jonathan Traphagen
and Maria Terwilliger.
March 7 ; born Dec. 23, 1801. Mary, child of Aamasy
Mitchell and Mary Bevier.
Born Feb. 6. Maria, child of Johannis I. Lefever and Jane
Louw.
Witnesses : Sim Low and Christina McMullen.
Born Jan. 28. Joshaphat, child of Daniel Hasbrook and
Margaret Freer.
Witnesses : Joshaphat Hasbrook and Cornelia Dubois.
Born Sept. 19, 1801. John, child of Daniel Wilkeloo and
Sally Palmatier.
Born Feb. 13. Anne, child of David and Elizabeth Ter-
williger.
Born Dec. 18, 1801. Hannah, child of Stephen Terwilliger
and Wyntie Freer.
April 18 ; born March 9. Rebecca, child of Zacharias Freer
and Jane Dubois.
Witnesses : Jacob Lowe and Rebecca Van Wagenen.
April 24 ; born Jan. 23. Ester, child of Josiah Hasbrook
and Sarah Decker.
Born Nov. 14, 180 1. Charles Wessel, child of Charles Broad-
head and Ann Schoonmaker.
203
May 9 ; born March 25. Paulus, child of Zacharias Sluyter
and Elizabeth Freer.
Born April 11. Derick Wynkoop, child of Peter Eltinge,
Jr., and Cornelia Wynkoop.
Witnesses : Derick Wynkoop and Anatje Eltinge.
Born March 28. Johannis Dewitt, child of Nathaniel Dojo
and Lea Dewitt.
Born Feb. 2. George, child of Jacob Dojo and Rachel
Hood.
Born Aug. 24. Phebe, child of John Dun and Sarah
Lockwood.
Born April 10. Maria, child of Ezekiel Van Wagenen and
Rachel Johnson.
Born Feb. 7. Anne, child of Ambrose Elmore and Mary
Dojo.
Witnesses : Simon Elmore and Anne Freer.
Born Jan. i. Johaiinis, child of Samuel Dubois and Jan-
neke Lefever.
Witnesses : Johannis Lefever and Mary Hardenbergh.
June 13 ; born April 8. Rachel, child of Alexander Coe and
Elizabeth Dubois.
Born May 6. Jacob, child of Methuselah Dubois and Maria
Low.
Witnesses : Jacob Low and Rebecca Van Wagenen.
Born April 23. Jonathan, child of Benjamin Terwilliger
and Maria Freer.
Born April 27. Anne, child of Isaac Bodine and Rachel
Dubois.
Born May 14. James, child of Jacobus Rose, Jr., and Sarah
Van Wagenen.
Born May 11. Andries, child of Moses Dewitt and Eliza-
beth Doyo.
Witnesses : Andries Dewitt and Maria Depuy.
June 23 ; born March 17. William, child of William Irwin
and Jane Ennis.
Born Feb. 16. Mary, child of Margaret Irwin, wife of
Jacobus Achmoedy (infidel).
June 27 ; born April 30. Henderick, child of William Smith
and Magdalen Achmoody.
204
July II ; born June 21. Catharine, child of Johannes El-
tinge and Jane Wirtz.
Born June 4. Anatje, child of Thomas Owens and Catharina
Van Wagenen.
Witnesses ; D. Wynkoop and Anatje Eltinge.
Born March 11. Isaac, child of John Wilkeloo and Jemimie
Trowbridge.
Born June 7. Charles, child of Abraham Hardenbergh and
Margaret Dubois.
Born March 15. William Hill, child of Jacobus Bevier and
Mary Yandel.
Sept. 5 ; born July 21. Grietje, child of Peter York, Jr.,
and Sarah Freer.
Born Aug. 16. Sarah, child of Elizabeth Nees, wife of
Anthony Bullet (absent, beyond sea).
Sept. 19 ; born Aug. 21. Samuel Hasbrook, child of Mathew
Doyo and Sara Hasbrook.
Oct. 10 ; born Sept. 16. Maretje, child of John I. Freer and
Margaret Bennet.
Nov. 15 ; born Sept. 11. Abraham, child of Ez. Low and
Eve Stryker.
Letty, child of Elizabeth Ostrander, wife of (husband's name
destroyed).
Nov. 28 ; born Oct. 23. Geertye, child of Petrus P. Schoon-
maker and Else Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Josua and Rachel Freer,
Born Oct. 2. Jonas, child of Arche P. Van Wagenen and
Mary Freer.
1803, Jan. I ; born Nov. 7, 1802. Jonas Dubois, child of
Daniel Hasbrook and Margaret Schoonmaker.
Born Nov. 15, 1802. Catharine, child of Solomon Eltinge,
Jr., and Rachel Acker.
Jan. 27 ; born Dec. 14, 1802. Catharine, child of Jacob I.
Hasbrouck and Anne Dubois.
Feb. 27 ;
born Dec. 24, 1802. Jonathan, child of Peleg
Stephens and Hannah Moore.
Bom Jan. 16. Simion, child of Daniel Low and Elizabeth
Jerow.
Witness : Simion Low.
205
Born Jan. lo. Fanny, child of Isaac Low, Jr., and Anna
Yorke.
March 20. Henry (baptized), a black man, aged twenty-six
years.
Born Feb. 4. Methuselah, child of Cornelius Bruyne Dubois
and Rebecca Dubois.
Witnesses : Methuselah Dubois and Catharine Bevier.
Born Feb. 6. Abraham, Isaac, children of Henry Goetschius
and Margaret Master (or Masten).
Born Feb. 9. Jonathan Terwilger, child of Isaac Freer and
Sarah Terwilliger.
Witnesses : Jonathan Terwilliger and wife.
April 3 ; born Sept. 7, 1802. Lena, child of Abraham Wussi-
miller and Hester Rilyea.
Born Feb. 5. Jonas, child of Philip Schoonmaker and
Rachel Freer.
Witnesses : Jonas Freer and Magdalena Bevier.
Born Dec. zo, 1802 ? Margaret, child of Jonathan Dubois
and Rachel Goetschius.
Born Feb. z6. Johannis Smith, child of Peter Achmudy and
Eve Smith.
Born Aug. 28, 1802. Catharine, child of John Holstead and
Sarah Meyer.
Born Jan. 30. Maria, child of David Doyo and Rachel
Een.
Witnesses : Petrus Een and Maria Freer.
Born Jan. 21. Maria, child of Edward Ed. Schoonmaker and
Lea Rose.
Born Nov. 24, 1802. Ester, child of Peter R. Johnson and
Jane Deyo.
April 10. Isaac De Moorman, a black man, aged sixty-
three years.
Samuel Samaria, a black man, aged fifty-four years.
Born March 27. Jacob, child of Ezekiel and Magdalen
Eltinge.
April 24 ; born Dec. 17, 1802. Elizabeth, child of Jacob
Wilkeloo and Margitje Harris.
Born March 20. Ibbe, child of Ambrose Seaman and Anne
Constable.
2o6
Born March 22. Peter, child of Mathew I. Blanshan and
Mary Dubois.
Born March 18. Hetty, child of William Hood and Anne
Simmons.
May 17 ; born April 18. Johannes Moul, child of Levi Van
Wagenen and Elizabeth Louw.
Born March 22. Lydia, child of Jacob Le Fevre and Lydia
Doyo.
June 5 ; born May 11. Henry, child of Christoffel Green
and Catharina Ecker.
June 12 ; born May 4. Benjamin Haesbroeck, child of Isaac
and Maria Bevier.
Born May 8. Sarah, child of William N. and Polly
McDonald.
Born May 15. James, child of William and Sally Jenkins.
Sept. 3 ; born July 26. Magdalena, child of Josia R. Elting
and Sarah Lefever.
Born July 13. Hiram, child of Samuel Bud and Mary
Larow.
Born July 27. Jeremia, child of Benjamin H. ? Terwilliger
and Sarah Saxton.
Born Jan. 16. Sarah, child of Peter Johnston, Jr., and
Nancy Saxton.
Sept. 8 ; born July 18. Yannetie, child of.Roelef and Dina
Elting.
Born July 5. Maria, child of Wilhelmus Haasbrouck and
Agetta Freer.
Oct. 9 ; born Aug. 13. Jacob, child of Simon Rose and
Ruth Williger.
Witnesses : The parents.
Born Aug. 26. Elisabeth, child of Abraham Harris and
Mary Waldron.
Dec. 4 ; born Sept. 22. Simeon, child of Methusalem Du-
bois, Jr., and Maria Low.
Born Sept. 9. Abram, child of William Deyoe and Sarah
Eltinge.
Born Oct. 5. Cornelia, child of Moses Lefever and Margret
Vernoy.
Witnesses : Cornelius and Elizabeth Vernoy.
207
Born Sept. 19. Elizabeth, child of Jonathan Deyoe, Jr.,
and Cathrina Een.
Witnesses : Elias and Elizabeth Een.
Born June 3. John, child of Timothy Brannen and Mary
York.
Born Nov. 17. Nancy, child of Richard McKinley and
Debora Rose.
Born Aug. 31. Moses, child of Ambrose Elmore and Mary
Deyoe.
Born Nov. 8. Henricus, child of Joshua Freer and Rachel
Schoonmaker.
Born Nov. 16. Maria, child of Lucas Van Wagenen and
Cornelia Merkel.
Born Aug. 25. Merrit, child of Josia Deyoe and Annatye
Merrit.
Born Oct. 19. Greitye, child of Jonathan Trophagen and
Maria Terwilleger.
Born Oct. 8. Isaac, child of Jonathan and Maria Terwil-
leger.
Dec. 22 ; born Nov. 15. Hester, child of Zacharias Sluiter
and Elisabeth Frere.
Sept. 28 ; born Sept. 30. Josaphat, child of Jonas Frere,
Jr., and Wyntje Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Josaphat Hasbrouck and Cornelia Dubois.
1804, Jan. 29 ; born Dec. 28, 1803. Gertruy, child of Jacob
Wirtz and Tryntje Dubois.
Born Nov. 24, 1803. John Hasbrouck, child of Abram P.
Schonmaker and Catrina Frere.
Born Dec. 20, 1803. Jesse, child of Philip and Catryntje
Eltinge.
Jan. 28 ; born Nov. 22, 1803. Elias, child of Elias Ein and
Elisabeth Hasbrouck.
Born Nov. 19, 1803. Magdalena, child of Philip Lefever
and Elsje Dubois.
April 15 ; born Jan. 12. David, child of David Ralyea and
Laura Oostrander.
Born March 19. Benjamin Freer, child of Benjamin Ter-
willeger, Jr., and Maria Freer.
208
Born Feb. 23. Sarah, child of Isaiah Terwilleger and Free-
love Saxon.
Bom Feb. 2. Elizabeth, child of David Terwilleger, Jr.,
and Maria Vandemerke.
Born Jan. 25. William Irwin, child of Jacobus Achmude
and Margret Irwin.
May 6 ; born March 17. Henry, child of Thomas Owens
and Catharina Van Wagenen.
Born Feb. 17. Maria, child of Jonas Dubois and Rachel
Lefever.
June 24 ; born Nov. 25, 1803. Jacob, child of Jacob Har-
denberg (deceased) and Jean Dubois.
Born March 28. Johan Vernoy, child of Elias Bevier and
Sarah Lefever.
Born March 18. Daniel, child of Robeft Hood and Martha
Weckman.
Born April 16. Blandina, child of Johannis Elting and
Yannetje Wirts.
Born May 14. Jonas, child of Elias Freer and Cathrina
Teerpenning.
Born Feb. 15. Benjamin Winfield, child of Jacobus Bevier
and Mary Yandel.
Sept. 23 ; born July 25. Annatye Dubois, child of Abra-
ham and Rachel Hood.
Born May 20. Josiah, child of Elias and Dolly York.
Born Sept. 6. Methuselah, child of Jacob D. and Hester
Freer.
Born Aug. 8. Sarah, child of Jacobus, Jr., and Sarah Rose.
Dec. 17 ; born Oct. 2. Noah, child of Peter Elting and
Cornelia Wynkop.
Born Nov. 26. Thomas, child of Zacharias Frere and
Jannetje Dubois.
Witness : Thomas Frere.
Born June 21. Rebecca, child of Stephen Terwilger and
Wyntje Frere.
Born Aug. 17. Roloif, child of Gerret Dubois and Maria
Eltinge.
209
Born Oct. 28. Bregje, child of John Aghmody and Lea
Windfield.
Born Oct. 23. David, child of Salomon Eltinge, Jr., and
Raghel Eccert.
Born Sept. 23. Ira, child of Isack Bodoin and Rachel Du-
bois.
Born Aug. 10. Anny, child of Allen Irwin and Ester Town-
send.
No dates of baptism to the above two entries, both entered
on margin of page in original.
Born Nov. 15, 1803. George Washington and Ambrose
Elmore, children of Christoffel Van Bommel and Sara Ter-
wilger.
Dec. 17 ; bom Sept. 27. Eliza Bridget, child of Isaac
Lefever and Catherine Burhans.
1805, Feb. 5 ; born Jan. 22. Jenny, child of Isack Bovier
and Maria York.
Born Dec. 17, 1804. Johannes, child of Isack Low and
Anne York.
Born Oct. 14, 1804. Martin Ryerson, child of MyerHarden-
berg and Elsje Hasbrouck.
Born July i, 1803. Catarine, child of John Johnson, Jr.,
and Jenny Concking.
Witness : Hanah Johnson.
Born Oct. 15, 1804. Sartje, child of Benjamin A. Doio and
Sara Frere.
Witnesses : Abram Doio and Bregje Frere.
Born Dec. 24, 1804. Henry, child of Peter Achmody and
Eva Smith.
Born Jan. 6. Peter, child of Job Telson and Ester Frere.
Witnesses : Peter Een and Maria Frere.
Born Dec. 14, r8o4. Jacob, child of Wilhelmus Hasbrouck .
and Agetta Frere.
Feb. 17 ; born Jan. 19. Anny Dunn, child of Samuel
Terwilger and Susanna Dunn.
May 14 ; born Feb. 23. Philip, child of Ezechiel Van
Wagene and Rachel Johnson.
Born Feb. 18. Sarah, child of Ezechiel Low and Eva
Stryker.
2IO
Born April ii. Jemes, child of Jonas Dubois and Rachel
Lefever.
Born Feb'. 13. Catrina, child of Cornelius B. and Rebecca
Dubois.
Born April 11. Simon, child of Timothy Brannen and
Maria York.
Born Feb. 11. Jacob, child of Jacob J. Hasbrouck and
Ann Dubois.
Born Dec. 29, 1804. Wilhelmus, child of Philip Schon-
maker and Rachel Frere.
Born March 3. Rachel, child of Peter Shoonmaker and
Elsje Terwilger.
Born March 9. Elisabeth, child of Simon Roos and Ruth
Terwilger.
Born March 12. Elisabeth, child of Peter Lefever, Jr., and
Magdalena Eltinge.
July 14 ; born April 12. Margarat, child of Benjamin Ter-
wilgar and Sally Saxon.
Born June 18. Henry, child of Methusalem Dubois, Jr.,
and Mary Low.
Born May 19. Jacob Hasbrook, child of Benjamin Schoon-
maker and Sally Van Bumbler.
Born June 10. Gitty, child of Simon M. La Fever and
Elizabeth Deyo.
Born May 5. Elizabeth, child of Hugo B. and Elizabeth
Fraer.
Witness : Elizabeth Fraer.
Born Sept. 6, 1803. Rachel, child of Simon Fraer, Jr., and
Pheba Ketcham.
Born Sept. 14, 1804. Zachariah, child of Elijah Weldin
and Jane Fraer.
Born Feb. 23. Cornelia, child of Daniel Hasbrouck and
Gerritie Fraer.
Born May 8. Jefferson, child of Benjamin Terwilligar, Jr.,
and Mary Fraer.
Born April 21. Gilbert Sexton, child of Isaiah Terwilligar
and Frelove Sexton.
Born June 11. Mary, child of Elias York and Dolly Geers.
211
Born Feb. 7, David, child of Jacob Goetchius and Arnlie
Schoonmaker.
Aug. II ; born July t8. Charles Brodhead, child of Roelif
and Dinah Eltinge.
Born April i. Catriena, child of Johannis and Jacomyntye
Wilkelow.
Born May 3. Johathan, child of Nathaniel and Leah Deyo.
Sept. 8 : born Aug. 2. Simon Le Fever, child of Abraham
and Anne Dubois.
Dec. 15 ; born Oct. 12. Geertruy, child of Joshua R. El-
ting and Sarah Lefever.
Born Sept. 9. Mary Magdeline, child of Levi Van Wa-
genen and Elizabeth Low.
Born Oct. 5. Alexander, child of Archa (?) P. Vanwagenen
Maria Freer.
Born Sept. 29. Jenny Ralyee, child of Marinus Teerpen-
ning and Debra Ralyee.
Witnesses : William Ralye, Jr., and wife, Jenny Deyo.
Born Nov. 21. Elizabeth, child of Ezechiel Freer and
Elizabeth Sluyter.
Witnesses : David Etkins and Grietye Sluyter.
Born Nov. 29. Sarah Van Wagenen, child of Richard Mc-
Kinly and Debra Roos.
Born Aug. 4. Charles Broadhead, child of Evert I. Terwil-
liger and Maria Freer.
AVitness : Charles Broadhead.
1806, Jan. 26 ; born Dec. 9, 1805. Jemimy Rosekrans,
child of Robert Moule and Aplony Oosterhoudt.
Born Dec. 22, 1805. Josiah Hasbrouck, child of Abraham
P. Schoonmaker and Catherine Freer.
Witness : Josieh Hasbrouck, Jr.
Born Dec. 14, 1805. Johannis, child of Zecheriah York and
Mary Geer.
Jan. 20 {sic) ; born Jan. 18. Daniel Hasbrouck, child of
Jonas Freer and Wyntje Hasbrouck.
Witnesses : Daniel Hasbrouck and Margret Schonmaker.
Jan. 26 ; born Jan. 6. Sarah, child of Abram Wood and
Rachel Velie.
212
April 20 ; bom Feb. 22. Bregje, child of William Doio and
Sara Eltinge.
Witnesses : Abram Doio and Bregje Frere.
Born Feb. 6. Johannes Waldron, child of Abram Herres
and Mary Waldron.
Witness : Johannes Waldron.
Born Jan. 25. Charles Dubois, child of Pelegh Stephens
and Anna Moor.
Born March 20. Stephen, child of Josia Doio and Hannah
Meret.
Born Nov. 27, 1805. Hester, child of Jonathan and Maria
Terwilger.
Born Feb. 11. Elsje, child of David and Elisabeth Ter-
wilger.
Born Aug. 17, 1805. James, child of John Dunn and Sarah
Lockwood.
July 20 ; born May 27. Jeremiah, child of Zacharias Sluyter
and Elizabeth Freer.
Born June 21. Maria, child of Charles Broadhead and
Antye Schoonmaker.
Born May 18. Peter Edward, child of Isaac Lefever and
Cathrina Burhanse.
Bom June 10. Mehaley, child of John Van Garden and
Neelye Van Vliet.
Born May 19. Rachel, child of William Hood and Anna
Simmons.
Bom July 13. Samuel, child of Elias Bevier and Sarah L.
Fever.
Oct. 14 ; bom Aug. 18. Jane, child of Ezekiel and Magda-
lene Eltinge.
Bom Aug. 28. Maria, child of Matthew Deyo and Sarah
Hasbrouck.
Born Aug. 27. Sally, child of Methuselem Hasbrouck and
Maria Deyo.
Dec. 16 ; born Oct. 19. Anna Maria, child of John Elting
and Jane Wertz.
Born Oct. 6. Margarat and Benjamin, twins of Hugo B.
and Elizabeth Frear.
213
Born Nov. i6. Rachel, child of Jonathan Deyo, Jr., and
Catharine Een.
Witness : Rachel Deyo.
Born Sept. i6. Marian, child of Stephen Trewilligar and
Winche Freer.
Born Sept. lo. Marian, child of Samuel Trewilligar and
Sukey Dun.
1807, Feb. 22 ; born Jan. 7. Marian, child of Simon Roos
and Ruth Terwilger.
Born Sept. 17, 1806. Getty Lefever, child of Samuel Bodd
and Polly Lerue.
Born Jan. 18, 1806. Rachel Maria, child of Hendrick
Wockman and Lidea Hart.
Born Dec. 15, 1806. Maria, child of Jerimie Raljie and
Debora Lefever.
Born Nov. 4, 1806. Jannetje, child of Peter Elting and
Cornelia Wynkop.
Born Nov. 12, 1806. Ann Maria, child of Andries Bovier
and Mary Doio.
Feb. 23 ; born Dec. 12, 1806. Isack, child of Isack Bodoin
and Rachel Dobois.
Born Sept. 29, 1806. Henry, child of Isack Dubois and
Catarina Terwilger.
Born Nov. 10, 1806. Elisabeth, child of Amasa Michel and
Maria Bovier.
Born Nov. 6, 1806. Sarah, child of Josia Dubois and
Elisabeth Hasbrouck.
Born Oct. 25, 1806. Sally, child of Thomas Owens and
Caty Vanwagene.
Born Oct. 25, 1806. Sara Ann, child of Jacob I. and Arri-
antje Schonmaker.
Born Oct. 2, 1806. Elias, child of Elias York and Dolly
Geers.
Born Oct. 20, 1806. Moses, child of Elias Frere and
Catrina Terpenning.
Born Nov. 7, 1806. Methusalem, child of Jacob Wertz and
Tryntje Dubois.
214
June 7 ; born Feb. ii. Catherine, child of Charles and
Maria Dubois.
Born March 12, Maritye, child of Zecheriah and Jannetye
Freer.
Born Jan. 27. Catharine Dubois, child of Tennis and Maria
Terwilliger.
Born Sept. 14. Garret Dubois, child of Marcus, Jr., and
Laura Wackman.
Born Jan. 17. Jane, child of Isaac and Anna Louw.
Born April 28. Jane, child of Benjamin and Sarah Ter-
williger.
Born Jan. 24. Rachel, child of Adam and Maria Yaple.
Born Feb. 22. Mary, child of Abraham, Jr., and Sarah
Achmoedie.
Born Nov. 20, 1806. Matthew, child of Moses and Mar-
garet Lefever.
Witnesses : Matthew and Elizabeth Lefever.
Born May 6. Jane, child of Daniel and Elizabeth Louw.
Witness : Simon Louw.
Born April i. Arietta Mary, child of Jacobus and Brachy
Elmendorf.
June 28 ; born March 26. Samuel Dewett, child of Cristo-
pher Green and Catrina Eckert.
Born March 8. Rebecah, child of Salomon Elting, Jr., and
Rachel Eckert.
?orn Feb. 6. Elizabeth, child of Simon N. (or M.) Lefever
and Elizabeth Deyoe.
Witnesses : Mathew and Elizabeth Lefever.
Born March 26. Jane, child of William Erwin and Jane
Innes.
Born Nov. 7. John Lefever, child of Peter Johnson, Jr.,
and Nancy Saxon.
Born May 24. James, child of Archable'Chittick and Rachel
Miller.
Sept. 20 ; born July 25. Magdalen, child of Peter and
Magdalene Lefevre.
Born^Aug. 5. Hester, child of Roelif and Dinah Elting.
215
Born July 3. Mary, child of Isaac and Mary Bevier.
Born July 21. C—i, child of Jacob J. and Ann Haesbrouck.
Born May 29. David, child of Philip and Rachel Schoon-
maker.
Born July 30. Catrina, child of Peter and Mary Ean.
Witness : Catrina Ean.
Born May 16. Abraham, child of Simon and Catriena
Vannoy.
Born Aug. 2. Jonathan Vanwagenen, child of Jacobus and
Saertye Rose.
Witnesses : Jonathan and Hester Vanwagenen.
Born March 30. Maria, child of Benjamin, Jr., and Maria
Terwilliger.
Born May 9. James Morris, child of James and Johanna
Dumond.
No dates of baptism ; born June 15. Conelius Dubois and
Gitty Jane, children of Timothy and Maria Branan.
Born Oct. 19. Sally, child of Ezekiel and Esther Freer.
Witnesses : Daniel and Sally Van Wagener.
Born Oct. 27. Wessel, child of Jonas Debois and Rachel
Lefever.
No date of baptism ; born Nov. 4, 1807. Rebecca, child of
Garrit Debois and Maria Eltinge.
1808, March 27 ; born Feb. 10. Bridget Ann, child of John
Whitaker and Elizabeth M. Danold.
Born Jan. 24. Cornelius Delemater, child of Ezekiel Deyoo
and Deborah Low.
Born Feb. 25. Alida, child of Christian and Annaatie
Freer.
Born March 24. John Van Wagenen, child of Richard
McKinnelly and Deborah Rose.
May 8 ; born May 22, 1807. Rebecca, child of Cornelius
Freer and Rachel Weller.
Born March 20. Caty Ann, child of Lewis B. Dubois and
Phabe Coe.
Born Jan. 27. Caty Maria, child of Lewis AV. Dubois and
Bridget Jenkins.
2l6
Born Dec. 30, 1807. Agnes, child of Coenraed Fryziner
and Lea Soper,
Born Nov. 20, 1807. Catherine, child of Abraham P. Schoon-
maker and Catrina Freer.
Born April 3. John, child of James Ridney or Kidney and
Lanah Bunton.
Born Feb. 26. Johannes, child of Peter P. Schoonmaker
and Elschie Terwilliger.
Born Feb. z6. Henry * Doremus, child of Peter Roos and
Rachel Traphagen.
Born March 7. Peter Benjamin, child of James Perrine and
Catrina Freer.
Born Dec. 23, 1807. Zachariah, child of Zachariah York
and Mary Years.
May 22 ; born April 22. Broadhead, child of Jonathan
Dubois and Rachel Goetchius.
Born Feb. 27. Simeon, child of Daniel Hasbrook and Mar-
garet Freer.
Born Feb. 2. James, child of Peleg Stevans and Hannah
Moor.
Born May 22. James, child of Allen Irwin and Esther
Townsend.
Born March 15. Maria, child of Jacobus Bovier and Mary
Yendell.
Born April 16. Rebeccah, child of Cornelis Bruyn Du-
bois ^nd Rebeccah Dubois.
Witnesses : Jacob and Rebeccah Vanwag
Born Feb. 24. Catharine, child of Ambrose Elmore and
Mary Deyoo.
Born Dec. 24, 1807. Elner, (or Anna?) child of Jacob
Carman and Mary Hess.
Born Feb. 10. James, child of Robert Hood and Martha
Wackman.
Born June 26, 1807 (?). Ann Eliza, child of John Van
Garde and Agnes Van Vliet.
June 12 ; born May 21. Philip, child of Josua Freer and
Rachel Schoonmaker.
* The name John in the original had been crossed out and Henry inserted
in a different handwriting.
217
Born Jan. 25. Catherine and Elizabeth, children of Henry
V. W. Terwilliger and Rachel Frederick.
Born Jan. 6. Catherine Sattles, child of Amasa Mitchel and
Maria Bovier.
Born April 12. Smith, child of William Hood and Anny
Simmons.
Born Nov. 16, 1807. Nelly, child of Benjamin Schoonmaker
and Maria Van Bbmbele.
Born 19, 1807. Jane Hardenbergh, child of Marcus
Wyckman, Jr., and Laura Van Ostrant.
Born May 18. Elizabeth Bodine, child of Walter Dubois
and Hannah Bodine.
July 17 ; born June 2. Jonathan Deyoo, child of William
Dubois and Catrina Deyoo.
Witnesses : Jonathan Deyoo and Maria Lefever.
Aug. 19 ; born March 12. Moses, child of Wilhelmus Has-
brook and Agetta Freer.
July 31 ; born Aug. 15, 1807. Hannah, child of John John-
son and Jane Concklin.
Aug. 14 ; born May 18. Levi, child of Levi Van Wagener
and Elizabeth Louw.
Aug. 28 ; born Aug. 3. Elizabeth, child of Charles Broad-
head and Antie Schoonmaker.
Born Aug. 7. Benjamin, child of Jonas Freer, Jr., and
Wyntie Hasbrook.
Born July 22. Lewis, child of Jacob and Ariantie Schoon-
maker.
Born July 18. Maria Ann, child of Methuselah Hasbrook
and Maria Deyoo.
Sept. 1 1 ; born Aug. 3. Daniel Johnson, child of Dr. Mauri-
tius Werts and Maria Johnson.
Oct. 10 ; born Aug. 30. Elizabeth, child of Elias Ean and
Elizabeth Hasbrook.
Oct. 30 ; born Sept. 25. Cornelius Dubois, child of Andrew
I. Lefever and Hannah Dubois.
Nov. II ; born Oct. 2. Hannah, child of Gordon Kraig and
Margaret Lemunger (or Lemanyen ?).
2l8
Dec. 25 ; born Oct. 19. Albertus Schryver, child of Abra-
ham Halstead and Magdalena Schryver.
1809, Jan. 8 : born Oct. 3, 1808. Jane Hardenbergh, child
of Jonathan Deyoo and Maria Hardenbergh.
Born Nov. 19, 1808. John, child of Abraham Lefever and
Ann Bell.
Born Nov. 19, 1808. John, child of Abraham Steen ? and
Elizabeth Freer.
Born Dec. 9, 1808. Ann Maria, child of David Aghmody,
Jr., and Maria Van Keuren.
Born Oct. 28, 1808. Harvey, child of Daniel Galey and
Elizabeth Brown.
Born June 23, 1808. Jane, child of Philip Schoonmaker
and Rachel Freer.
Jan. 29 ; born Nov. 22, 1808. Cornelius, child of Moses
Lefever and Margaret Vanoy.
Witnesses : Cornelius and Elizabeth Vanoy.
Born Nov. 14, 1808. Mathew, child of Simon Lefever and
Elizabeth Deyoo.
Witnesses : Mat. and Elizabeth Lefever.
Born Nov. 6, 1808. Levi, child of Zachariah Sluyter and
Elizabeth Freer.
Feb. 9 ; born Sept. 26, 1808. Marinus Vanaker, child
of Frederick F. Van Ostrand and Maria Tearpenning.
Feb. 12; born July 14, 1808. Solomon, child of James
Waring and Jane Van Hoovenberg.
Feb. 26 ; born Jan. 24. Sally Jane, child of Hendricus
Goetchius and Margaret Mastin.
Born Jan. 19. David, child of Isaac Louw and Anny York,
Born Jan. 22. Caty Maria, child of Ezekiel Sparks and
Deborah York.
Born Jan. 21. Methusalem, child of Jacob Goetchius and
Ariantie Schoonmaker.
Born Sept. 10, 1808. Caty Maria, child of William Jenkins
and Sally Goetchius.
March i ; born Jan. 17. Roilif, child of Josiah R. Eltinge
and Sarah Lefever.
219
March 12 ; born Feb. 8. Catherine Maria, child of Abraham
Dubois and Anny Lefever.
Born Jan. 10. Elizabeth, child of Samuel Danelson and
Elenor Hood.
Born Jan. ig. Catherina, child of Charks Wells and Anny
Hood.
Born Feb. 11. Hugo Freer, child of Benjamin Sluyter and
Elizabeth Neice.
Born Dec. 31, 1808. Catherine Maria, child of Jacob J. (?)
Hermance and Anny Deyoo.
March 19 ; born Feb 19. Abraham, child of Elias Freer
and Caty Tearpenning.
April 2 ; born March 12. Caty, child of Isaac Bovier and
Mary York.
April 30 ; born April 2. Sarah, child of Peter Eltinge and
Cornelia Wynkoop.
Born March 21. Richard Broadhead, child of Benjamin
Terwilliger and Maria Freer.
Born Feb. 19. Jonathan, child of William Traphagen and
Rachel Freer.
May 14 ; born March 2. Susannah, child of Smith Halstead
and Mary Schryver.
Born April 11. Christian, child of Jonathan Deyoo, Jr.,.
and Catrina Ean.
Born April 8. Gitty Jane, child of Dr. Jacob Wirtz and
Tryntye Dubois.
Born April 16. Isaac, child of Benjamin H. (?) Terwilliger
and Sarah Saxon.
Born April 20. Jeremiah, child of Robert Dunn and Lucy
Freer.
Born April 24. Ezzekiel Eltinge, child of William Duvall
and Sarah Freer.
Born April 24. Chadock, child of Simon Johnson and Maria
Traphagen.
Born Feb. 24. Cornelia, child of Solomon Eltinge, Jr., and
Rachel Ekker.
Born April 20. (No name), child of Benjamin Decker and
Anny Terwilliger.
220
Born April 18. Cornelia, child of Henry Schoonmaker and
Jane Hornbeek.
June 4 ; born Feb. 18. Abraham Bovier, child of Josua
Hasbrook and Ann Viele.
Witnesses : Maria Bovier, widow of Isaack Hasbrook.
Born April 13. Sarah, child of David Ostrander and Mar-
garet Hasten.
June 18 ; born May 20. Anna Maria, child of Daniel Low
and Betsy Geroe.
Witness : Simeon Low.
July 2 ; born June 4. Jacob, child of Christian and Annatye
Freer.
Born May 17. Jane, child of Coenrad Vrysyn and Lea
Soper.
July 30 ; born June 12. Catrina, child of William Deyoo
and Sarah Eltinge.
Born June 12. Jonathan, child of Hugo and Elizabeth
Freer.
Born June 3. David, child of Abraham Hardenbergh and
Margaret Dubois.
Born June 12. Catherine Maria, child of Daniel I. Has-
brouck and Margaret Freer.
Witnesses : Jonas Freer, Jr., and Catrine Freer, wife of
Jonathan Lefever.
Sept. 10. Alexander, child of Ezekiel and Magdalina
Eltinge.
Born Aug. 8. Daniel, child of Roelif and Dinah Eltinge.
Born Aug. 8. Ruth, child of Isaac Halstead and Sarah
Wilkelo.
Sept. 24 ; born Aug. i. Jane, child of Cornelius Ostrander
and Elenor Emerett.
Born July 31. Ezekiel, child of Ezekiel Freer, Jr., and
Esther Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Ezekiel Freer and Elizabeth Slouter.
Born Aug. 13. Phebe, child of Jacob D. and Esther Freer.
Oct. 7 ; born Sept. 7. John, child of Isaac Bodine and
Rachel Dubois.
221
Born Aug. 21. Elizabeth Maria, child of Christopher Green
and Catherine Ekkert.
Oct. 28 ; born Sept. 20. Jacob, child of Jacob Halstead
and Charity Van Aker.
Born Sept. 18. George, child of John Eltinge and Jane
Wertz.
Nov. 12 ; born Sept. 30. Maria, child of Zachariah Freer
and Jane Dubois.
Born Sept. 21. Garrit, child of Methusalem Dubois, Jr., and
Maria Louw.
Born Oct. iz. Alexander, child of Solomon P. Hasbrouck
and Magdalena Lefever.
Born Oct. 4. Catherine Maria, child of James Lefever and
Elizabeth Johnson.
1810, Jan. 7 ; born Nov. 12. 1809. Margaret, child of Jacob
J. Hasbrouck and Ann Dubois.
Feb. 5 ; born Dec. 3, 1809. Abraham, child of Benjamin A.
Deyoo and Sarah Freer.
Witnesses : Abraham Deyoo and Brachy Freer.
Feb. 11; born Jan. 6. Zachariah, child of Charles and Mary
Dubois.
Bom Dec. 27, 1809. William McDonald, child of John
Whitaker and Betsy McDonald.
Born Jan. 4. Peter, child of John P. Lefever and Mary
Hardenbergh.
Born Jan. 9. Hetty Jane, child of John I. Freer and Margaret
Bennet.
Born July 14, 1809. Henry Bodine, child of Water Dubois
and Hannah Bodine.
Feb. 25 ; born Jan. 5. Elizabeth, child of Peter Ean and
Mary Freer.
Born Nov. 18, 1809. Fanny, child of Abraham Aughmoedy,
Jr., and Sarah Louw.
Born Nov, 2, 1809. Caty Maria, child of Isaac T. Dubois
and Catharina Terwilliger.
March 11 ; born Jan. 25. Annatie, child of James Kidney
and Lanah Banton.
Born Nov. 9, 1809. Magdalena, child of Abraham P.
Schoonmaker and Trina Freer.
222
Born Jan. 14. Richard Brinckerhoff, child of William and
Rachel Hasbrouk.
Born Dec. 31, 1809. Rachel, child of Lewis W. Dubois and
Bridget Jenkins.
Born Sept. 19, 1809. Eliza Catherine, child of Tim Branin
and Maria York.
March 25 ; born Nov. 2, 1809. George Washington, child
' of Simeon Shurager and Anny Acker.
Born Jan. 27. Esther, child of Isaiah and Jemimah Freer.
May 13 ; born April 3. Caty Maria, child of Lewis Harden-
bergh and Caty Daily.
Born March 20. Philip, child of Adam Yaple and Maria
Davenp.
Born April 16. Daniel, child of Jonathan D. D. Deyoo and
Maria Hardenbergh.
Witnesses : Daniel Deyoo and Catherine Dewitt.
Bom April 8. Caty Jane, child of Frederick and Sally
Stokes.
May 27 ; born Dec. 18, 1809. Jane, child of Peleg Stevans
and Hannah Moore (unbaptized).
Born March 19. Catherine Eliza, child of Jonas Dubois
and Rachel Lefever.
Born Jan. 19. Peter, child of Zechariah York and Mary
Geers (unbaptized).
Born Feb. 22. Lea, child of Henry V. W. Terwilliger and
Rachel Frederick.
Born May 16. Bridget Maria, child of Jacobus Bovier and
Maria Yendell.
June 10 ; born May 7. Peter Ditmasse Fraligh, child of
Jacobus Roose, Jr., and Sarah Van Wagener.
Born April 7. Andrew, child of William Louw and Anny
Bern (unbaptized).
June 24 ; born March 5. Henry, child of John Polhemus
and Margaret Keyser.
Born March 5. Laura Wadsworth, child of Samuel Budd
and Polly Laroe.
Born April 24. Jacob, child of Simon Roose and Elizabeth
Hasbrouck.
223
July 8 ; bom April 8. Cornelius, child of William Hood
and Anny Simmons.
Born May 5. Mary Strattin, child of James Terwilliger and
Bridget York.
Born May 17. Methusalem, child of William Dubois and
Catherine Deyoo.
Jan. 8, 1809 ; born Sept. 26, 1808. Rachel, child of Archi-
bald Chittuck and Rachel Miller.
July 8, 1810 ; born May 5, 1810. Sarah, child of Archibald
Chittuck and Rachel Miller,
Anny Simmons, who is the wife of William Hood.
July 29 ; born July 4. Susan Banks, child of Peter D. Free-
ligh, V. D. M. and Nelly Bogart.
Born Feb. 5. Henry, child of Marcus Wackman, Jr., and
Laura Van Ostrant.
August 12 ; born July i. Ebby, child of Ambrose Simmons
and Anny Constable.
Bom June 20. Abraham, child of Cornelius B. and Rebecca
Dubois.
Born June 18. Solomon, child of Garrit Dubois and Mary
Eltinge.
Born June 20. Paulus, child of Abraham Steen and Eliza-
beth Freer.
August 26 ; born July 28. Catherine Dubois, child of Simion
Roose and Ruth Terwilliger.
Born July 7. Josiah, child of James N. and Sarah Lefever.
Sept. 9 ; born July 27. Isaac Dubois, child of James Ferine
and Caty Freer.
Born August 3. Rachel Ann, child of Abraham Lefever and
Ann Bell.
Sept. 21 ; born August 21, Sally Amanda, child of Am-
brose Elmore and Mary Deyoo.
Born July 23. Joseph, child of Charles Wells and Anny
Hood.
Sept. 23 ; born August 19. Daniel Coe, child of Louis B.
Dubois and Phabe Coe.
Born August 8. David, child of James McCollogh and
Catherine Louw.
224
Bom August 14. Esther, child of Allan Irwin and Esther
Townsand.
Oct. 14 ; born Aug. 30. Esther, child of Dr. Mauritius
Wirtz and Maria Johnson.
Nov. 4 ; born Aug. 28. Elihu, child of Jacob I. and
Ariantje Schoonmaker.
Bom Oct. 2. Jonathan Van Wagenen, child of Jonathan
Clayton and Rebeccah Johnson.
Nov. 18 ; born Oct. 2. Johannes, child of Andries Lefever
and Hannah Dubois.
Nov. 22 ; born Sept. 21. Hulda Jane, child of Peter Rose
and Rachel Traphagen.
Dec. 4 ; born Aug. 27, Thomas, child of Philip Bunten
and Lanah Kidney (unbaptized).
Bom Oct. 27. Susanah Jane, child of David Deyoo and
Catherine Freer.
Dec. 23 ; born Nov. 11. Catherine, child of Ezekiel Deyoo
and Deborah Louw.
1811, Jan. 6 ; born Dec. 2, 1810. Jeremiah, child of Chris-
tian and Annatie Freer.
Born Oct. 28, 18 10. Jane, child of Ezekiel Sparks and
Deborah York.
Jan. 20 ; born Oct. 25, 1810. Luther Hasbrouck, child of
Paulus Countryman and Margaret Wood.
Bom Nov. 12, 1810. James Jenkins, child of David Ter-
williger, Jr., and Mary Van Demerk.
Born Nov. 12, 1810. Wessel, child of Abraham Traphagen
and Catherine Dubois.
Feb. 10; bom Jan. 19. Gidion Van Aken, child of Jacob
Halstead and Charity Van Aken.
Bom Dec. 25, 1810. Catherine, child of Methusalem Has-
brouck and Maria Deyoo.
Born Dec. 4, 1810. Philip Deyoo, child of Simon M. Lefever
and Elizabeth Deyoo.
Bom Dec. 27, 1810. Rachel, child of Smith Halstead and
Mary Schryver.
Feb. 24 ; bom Jan. 6. Levi, child of Elias York and Dolly
Greer (unbaptized).
225
Born Dec. 14, 18 10. Lydia Jane, child of Peter P. Schoon-
maker and Elschie Terwilliger.
March 10 ; born Dec. 29, 1810. Sarah, child of Solomon
Eltinge and Rachel Acker.
Born Jan. 23. Abraham and Isaac, children of Isaac Louw
and Anny York.
Born Dec. 7, 1807, Roelif, child of John Wilkelow and
Jemimy Trowbridge.
March 24 ; born Feb. 23. Rachel Ann, child of Isaac
Bovier and Maria York.
March 31 ; born Feb. 26. Maria Jane, child of Henry
Schoonmaker and Jane Hornbeek.
March 22 ; born Feb. 24. David, child of Isaac Halstead
and Caroline Linkester.
April 14 ; born Mai-ch 10. John Saxen, child of Benjamin
U. ? Terwilliger and Sally Saxon.
April 19 ; born March 12. Cornelia, child of Charles C.
Broadhead and Antje Schoonmaker.
May II ; born April 19. Isaac, child of Jonathan Deyoo,
Jr., and Catrina Ean.
May 27 ; born April 2. Johannes Johnson, child of Peter
Eltinge and Cornelia Wynkoop.
Witnesses : Johannes Johnson and Catherin Eltinge.
Born March 12. George, child of Benjn. Terwilliger, Jr.,
and Maria Freer.
Born April 23. Jacob Hasbrouck, child of Amasa Mitchel
and Maria Bovier.
Born April 14. Anny Hasbrouck, child of Ez. Bovier and
Nelly Van Bommelle.
Born April 24. Addison, child of Jacob P. Hermance and
Anny Deyoo.
June 9 ; born May 2. Abraham Dubois child of Josiah R.
Eltinge and Sarah Lefever.
Born May 11. Thomas, child of Robert Dunn and Lucy
Freer.
June 30 ; born June 2. David Deyoo, child of Abraham
Harris and Mary Waldron.
Witness : Rachel Ean, wife of Abraham Relyea.
226
Born May 7. Jane, child of John H. Barnard and Mary
Sluyter.
Born May 28. Dewitt, child of Benjamin Deyoo and Sarah
Dewitt.
Born June 5. Art Freer, child of William Duval and Sarah
Freer.
Born May 14. Mary, child of Paulus Freer and Polly
Weast.
Born May 2. Moses, child of Zachariah Sluyter and Eliza-
beth Freer.
Born May 26. Jane, child of Solomon P. Hasbrouck and
Magdaline Lefever.
July 14 ; born June i. Hiram, child of David Ostrander
and Margaret Masten.
Born June 14. Sally Maria, child of Jonathan Bovier and
Judith Louw.
Born May 10. James, child of Jonathan Freer and Syntye
Agmoedy.
Born May 28. Abner, child of Joseph Hasbrouck, Jr.,
and Jane Hasbrouck.
Born June 24. Matthew, child of David Agmoedy and
Mary Van Keuren.
Aug. 25 ; born July 15. Catherine Magdaline, child of
Elias Freer and Catherine Teerpenning.
Sept. 15 ; born Aug. 10. Josiah, child of Peter Lefever,
Esq., and Magdalena Eltinge.
Born July 7. Hiram, child of Peter P. Hasbrouck and
Anny Freer.
Born July 25. Johannes, child of Natl. I. Lefever and Lany
Hornbeck.
Sept. 23 ; born June 22. William Radcliff, child of Henry
Goetchius and Margaret Mastin.
Sept. 23 ; born June 22. Maria, child of Josiah Hasbrouck
and Anny Viele.
Oct. 13 ; born Aug. 19. Ann Eliza, child of Ezekiel Freer,
Jr., and Esther Van Wagenen.
Witnesses : Ezekiel Freer and Elizabeth Sluyter.
227
Nov. 7 ; born Oct. 19. Jehosaphat, child of Jonas Freer
and Wyntye Hasbrouck.
Born Sept. 9. Isaac, child of Abraham Halsted and Mag-
daline Scryver.
Born Sept. 10. Rebecca, child of Archibald Chittuck and
Rachel Miller.
Born Sept. 10. Joseph Dubois, child of Cornelia Markel,
widow of Lu. Van Wagenen.
Dec. 15 ; born Aug. 25. Deyoo, child of Jonas Dubois and
Rachel Lefever.
Born Nov. 11. Ezekiel, child of Roelef and Dinah Eltinge.
Born Oct. 10. Milton, child of Abraham P. Hasbrouck and
Mary Blenchan.
Dec. 29 ; born Nov. 13. Mary Magdalena, child of Peter
Agmoedy and Eve Smith.
1812, Jan. 12 ; born Dec. 7, 1811. Wessel, child of Lewis
W. Dubois and Bridget Jenkins.
Jan. 25 ; born Dec. 23, 181 1. Elisah, child of William W.
Deyoo and Sarah Hasbrouck.
Born Dec. 19, 1811. Rachel, child of Simon Johnson and
Maria Traphagen.
Born Dec. 15, 181 1. Eley, child of Hugo B. and Eliza-
beth Freer.
Feb. 16 ; born Jan. 27. Anny Hasbrouck, child of John I.
Freer and Margaret Bennet.
Born Jan. 13. Nathaniel, child of Abm. N. and Sarah Le-
fever.
Born Jan. 6. Eliza Jane, child of Richard Hardenbergh
and Maria Crispel.
Born Nov. 7, 181 1. Mary, child of Henry V. W. Terwilli-
gei and Rachel Frederick.
March 6 ; born Jan. 14. Rachel, child of Daniel Has-
brouck and M. Freer.
April 18 ; born Feb. 23. Samuel, child of Peter Dubois and
Anna Blenchan.
Born Dec. 16, 181 1. James, child of Marcus Wackman and
Laura Van Ostrant.
228
Born Dec. 8, 1811. Myndert, child of James Kidney and
Lany Bunton.
April 4 ; born March 18. Anny Osylla, child of Charles
Wells and Anny Hood.
Born Feb. 28. Maria Wintfield, child of Jacob Hendrickson
and Bridget Wintfield.
Born April i. Maria, child of Jacob D. Freer and Esther
Freer.
Born Sept. 2, 181 1. Eliza, child of Peleg Stevans and
Hanah Moor (unbaptized).
May 22 ; born Feb. 12. Hyram, child of Jesaias and Jace-
myntie Freer.
May 31 ; born March 31. Hasbrouck, child of Jonathan I.
Lefever and Dinah Hasbrouck.
Born May 3. John Hardenbergh, child of Jonathan D.
Deyoo and Maria Hardenbergh.
Bom March 10. Blandina, child of Jacobus Lefever and
Elizabeth Johnson.
Born May 6. Esther, child of Abraham Steen and Eliza-
beth Freer.
July 12 ; born April 29. Magdalene, child of Abraham
Dubois and Anny Lefever.
Born May 31. Jane, child of Ezek. Elting and Magdaline
Eltinge.
Born May 31. Sally Maria, child of Samuel Hasbrouck
and Lydia Crispel.
Born May 21. Sally Maria, child of Peter Stryker and
Anny Dunn.
Born April 28. Eli, child of Stephen Schryver and Hannah
Purdee.
July 26 ; born June 22. Jemimy, child of Wilhelmus Du-
bois and Catrina Duyoo.
Aug. 9 ; born July 4. Pamilla, child of Josiah Dubois and
Elizabeth Hasbrouck.
Born June 27. John Bogardus, child of Methusalem Du-
bois, Jr., and Maria Louw.
Born July 6. Thomas, child of William Traphagen and
Rachel Freer.
229
Born April i6. Catherina, child of Daniel Deyoo and
Maria Eltinge,
Aug. 23 ; born July 29. Dirk Wesbrook, child of Charles
and Polly Dubois.
Born July 29. Isaac, child of William Hood and Anny
Seaman.
Sept. 6 ; born May 24. Ann Maria, child of Daniel Frieligh
and Ann Buga.
Born Aug. 3. Sally Jane, child of Simon Roose and Ruth
Terwilliger.
Born Aug. 13. Jane Ann, child of Matthew I. Blenchan and
Anny Turk.
Born Aug. 3. Johannes Johnson, child of Zechariah Freer
and Jane Dubois.
Born July 17. Jeremiah, child of Amasa Mitchel and Maria
Bovier.
Born July 7. Maria, child of Zechariah York, (his wife un-
baptized).
Born July 26. Catrina, child of Christian and Annatye
Freer.
Sept. 26 ; born Aug. 24. Charles Bruyn, child of Roelef
Hasbrouck and Maria Dewitt.
Born Aug. 13. Margaret Magdaline, child of Timothy
Branin and Maria Yerk.
Aug. 26 ; born May 28. Peggy, child of John Rim, absent,
and Wyntje Hasbrouck.
Sept. 26 ; born Sept. 12. John Yerk, child of Ezekiel
Sparks and Deborah Yerk.
(No name) child of James Ferine.
(No name) child of Paulus Freer.
(No name) child of Aart Freer.
Nov. I ; born Sept. 10. Ezekiel, child of Garrit Dubois and
Maria Eltinge.
Nov. 16 ; born Sept. 17. Samuel Dubois, child of Frederick
Stokes and Sarah Keyser.
Bom Oct. 14. Jane Dubois, child of John Witaker and
Elizabeth McDonald.
Born Sept. 27. Daniel, child of John Sexton and Caty Yerk.
Born Sept. —. John Bogardus, child of Henry Dunn and
Elizabeth Terwilliger.
Dec. 14 ; born Nov. 11. Simon Hardenbergh, child of
Joseph Dubois and Maria Hardenbergh.
Born Oct. 28. Jemima, child of Peter P. Hasbrouck and
Anny Freer.
Dec. 25 ; born Nov. 20. Albina, child of Jacob J. Has-
brouck and Ann Dubois.
Dec. 27 ; born Nov. 13. Eve, child of Thomas Sammons
and Maria Freer.
Witness : Eve Acker, widow of Ben. Freer.
Dec. 27 ; born Oct. 23. Ezekiel, child of Jonathan Louw
and Jane Yendel.
Born Nov. 22. Gilbert, child of Charles Eltinge and Helen
Bovier.
Born Nov. 26. Henry, child of David Terwilliger and Mary
Van de Merk.
Born Oct. 28. Martinus Freer, child of Martinus Freer and
Margaret Freer, adopting.
1813, Jan. 10 ; born Nov. 19, 1812. Catherine Dubois,
child of Henry Schoonmaker and Jane Hornbeek.
Born Dec. 2, 181 2. Jacob, child of Jonathan Bovier and
Judith Louw.
Born Nov. 17, 1812. William, child of John Halsted and
Maria Terwilliger.
Jan. 22 ; born Nov. 3, 1812. Jane, child of James McCol-
logh and Catherine Louw.
Born Oct. 6, 1812. Eliza, child of John E. Freer and Eve
Agmoedy.
Born Dec. 18, 1812. Abraham Deyoo, child of Jacobus
Roose and Sarah Van Wagenen.
Feb. 7 ; born Aug. 11, 181 2. Jonathan Wintfield, child of
John Agmoedy and Lea Wintfield.
Born Aug. 25, 1812. Jemima Ann, child of Christopher
Green and Catherine Acker.
Born Jan. 4. Margaret Ann, child of Abrm. H. Traphagen
and Catherine Dubois.
231
Feb. 14 ; born Oct. 12, 181 2. Rebecca, child of Allen
Irwin and Esther Townsend.
March 7 ; bom Feb. 4. Jonas, child of Jonathan Freer,
Jr., and Syntje Agmoedy.
March 2r ; born Jan. 22. Catherine, child of Elias Yerk
and Dolly Geers, unbapt.
April II ; born Feb. 10. Nathaniel, child of Simon M. Le-
fever and Elizabeth Duyoo.
Born Feb. 28. Anna Maria, child of Isaac Louw and Anny
Yerk.
Born March 30. Ann Eliza, child of J. Terwilliger and
Bridget York.
Born March 30. Abraham Hasbrouck, child of Jonathan
Deyoo, Jr., and Caty Ean.
May 7 ; born April 8. Gitty, child of Philip and Catherine
Eltinge.
Born March 22. Philip, child of Abraham J. and Maria
Deyoo,
May 23 ; born Feb. 19. Archibald, child of Archibald
Chittuck and Rachel Miller.
Born April 17. Margaret, child of John H. Bernhart and
Mary Sluyter.
Born April 10. Rachel, child of Ezekiel Deyoo and De-
borah Louw.
Born April 28. Sally Maria, child of Robert Dunn and
Lucy Freer.
Born Jan. 8. Peggy Annetta, child of Adam Yaple and
Maria Davenport.
June 21 ; born May 7. Ida, child of Paul Countryman and
Margaret Wood.
Born May 2. James Bayard, child of Jacob Schoonmaker
and Ann Bayard, unbapt.
Born May 2. James, child of James Van Ostrandt and
Rachel Hill, unbapt.
July 4 ; born May 27. Matthew, child of Moses Lefever
and Margaret Vanoy.
Witnesses : Mat. Lefever and Eliz. Lefever.
232
Born May 13. John, child of Lewis B. Dubois and Phoebe
Coe.
Born Jan. 9. Hannah, child of Jacs. Elmendorf and Brachy
Atkins.
Born May 24. Sarah Meyers, child of Isaac Halsted, Jr.
and Sarah Wilkelow.
Born May 17. Cornelius Hornbeek, child of Natl. J.
Lefever and Helen Hornbeek.
Born May 9. Ezra, child of Joseph, Jr., and Jane Has-
brouck.
Born June 6. Maria, child of Ezekiel Bovier and Nelly
Van Bomelle.
Born May 25. Gitty, child of Isaac Bovier and Maria York.
Born Jan. 10. Joshua, child of Philip Schoonmaker and
Rachel Freer.
Born May 10. Benjamin Layton, child of David Atkins
and Maria Van Leuwen.
July 18 ; born May 6. Charles, child of Peleg Stevans and
Hannah Moor, unbapt.
Born June i. Peter, child of Jacob "E. Heermance and
Hannah Deyoo.
Born June 25. Jacob, child of Peter Dubois and Hannah
Blenchan.
Born June 23. Charles, child of John A. Bodley and Eliza-
beth Freer.
Born June 20. Harvey, child of John N. Lefever and Sarah
Dubois.
Born June 17. Catharine Jane, child of Dr. Mauritius Wirtz
and Maria Johnson.
Born May 23. Jane, child of Abraham Agmoedy and Sarah
Louw.
Aug. I ; born July 19. Garrit Freer, child of Abraham
Harris and Mary Waldron.
Born June 30. Eltinge, child of William W. Deyoo and
Sarah Hasbrouck.
Born April 17. Eliza, child of Abraham S. Hasbrouck and
Elener Minickhouse.
233
Aug. 5 ; born July 23. Jane, child of Methusalem Has-
brouck and Maria Deyoo.
Aug. 29 ; born July 2. Jane, child of Samuel Van Leuwen
and Rachel Clearwater.
Sept. 12 ; born July 16. David, child of Dr. Jacob Wertz
and Catharina Dubois.
Born April 25. Johannes, child of Peter Kyser and Eliza-
beth Broom.
Born Aug. 12. Nathan, child of Stephen Terwilliger and
Wyntje Freer.
Born July 29. John, child of Caleb Simmons, unbaptized,
and Esther Simmons.
Oct. 22 ; born Jan. i. Abraham, child of John Van Voor-
hees and Phoebe Flucwelling, unbapt.
Born Sept. 7. Tryntje Wertz, child of William Duvall and
Sarah Freer.
Born July 22. Catherine Dubois, child of Richard McKin-
nelly and Deborah Roose.
Born Sept. 17. Calvin, child of Johannis Hornbeek and
Gitty Dubois.
Nov. 7 ; born Sept. 23. Gertrude, child of Andries Lefever
and Hannah Dubois.
Born Sept. 25. James, child of Myndert Kidney, unbapt.,
and Hannah Bunten.
Bom Oct, 10. David, child of John Sexton and Catherine
York.
Nov. 21 ; born Nov. 14. Gilbert, child of Benjamin U.
Terwilliger and Sarah Saxon.
Born Aug. 14. Jacob, child of Isaac T. Dubois and Cathe-
rine Terwilliger.
Born Oct. 16. Richard Harrison, child of Abraham P. Has-
brouck and Mary Blenchan.
Born Oct. 10. Solomon, child of Solomon Eltinge and
Rachel Acker.
Dec. 5 ; born Oct. 20. Wade Hampton, child of Samuel
Budd and Mary Laroe.
Born Nov. 2. Mathew, child of Frederick Atkin and Rachel
Countryman.
234
Born Nov. 4. Peter, child of Abraham Steen and Elizabeth
Freer.
Dec. 25 ; born Oct. 15. Levi, child of Abraham Relyea and
Rachel Ean.
Born Oct. 6. Sarah Magdaline, child of Jacob Freer and
Hannah Smith.
Born Nov. 8. Elias, child of Elias Freer and Catherine
Tearpenning.
1814, Jan. 2 ; born Dec. 5, 1813. Caty Maria, child of Isaac
Hood and Elizabeth Freer.
Born Dec. 4, 18.13. Sally Jane, child of John Hood and
Rachel Freer.
Jan. 30 ; born Oct. 6, 1813. Peter Delemater, child of David
Agmoedy and Mary Van Keuren.
Feb. 13 ; born Dec. 20, 1813. Elijah, child of Hugo and
Elizabeth Freer.
Feb. 27 ; born Dec. 28, 1813. Josiah, child of John Beese-
mere and Margaret Van Steenbergh.
March 13 ; born Jan. 26. Ezekiel, child of Cors. Brodhead
and Dinah Eltinge.
Born Feb. ir. Oliver Perry, child of Jonathan J. Lefever
and Dinah Hasbrouck.
April 10 ; born Dec. 22, 1813. Rachel Ann, child of Jere-
miah Freer, Jr. and Maria Van De Mark.
April 24 ; born March 15. Henry Snyder, child of John
E. Hasbrouck and Ann Snyder.
Born March 25. Harriet, child of Simeon Freer and Maria
Agmoedy.
Born March 15. Margaret, child of Loewis Atkins and
Ruth Freer.
Witnesses : Martinus and Margaret Freer.
April 20 ; born Nov. 24, 1813. Sarah Dubois, child of
James Kidney and Leany Bunten.
May 22 ; born April 14. Almira, child of Abraham P,
Schoonmaker and Catrina Freer.
Born April 14. Esther, child of Benjamin Wood and Esther
Davenport.
235
Born April ii. Nelly Fraligh, child of Simon Roose and
Ruth Terwilliger.
May 8. Maria, child of Roelif and Dinah Eltinge.
June 25 ; born May ii. Jacob Smedes, child of Matthew
I. Blenchan and Anny Turk.
Born June i8. Peter, child of William Delemater and Jane
Hardenbergh.
Witness : John C. Hardenbergh.
July 10 ; born May i6. L. Nathaniel, child of Jonas Du-
bois and Rachel Lefever.
Born May 12. Elmira Jane, child of Peter Stryker and
Anny Dunn.
Rebeccah Ann, child of Jacob Halsted and Charity
Vanaken.
Born Feb. 20. Richard Brinkerhoff, child of Marcus Wak-
man and Laura Van Ostrandt.
July 22 ; born June 25. Samuel, child of Abraham Dubois
and Anny Lefever.
Aug. 14 ; born July 3. Ann Broadhead, child of Abraham
A. and Margaret Deyoo.
Sept. 18 ; born July 3. Sally Jane, child of John Agmoedy
and Lea Wintfield.
Born Aug. 2. Matthew, child of Solomon P. Hasbrouck
and Magdaline Lefever.
Born Aug. 3. Jiohn Henry, child of John Van Voorhees
and Phoebe Flewilling, unbaptized.
Born Aug. i. Eliza Jane, child of Jonathan Bovier and
Judith Louw.
Born Aug. 9. Julian, child of Zachariah York and Mary
Geer.
Born July 5. James Henry, child of James Terwilliger and
Bridget York.
Oct. 4 ; born Aug. 30. Catherine Maria, child of Christian
L Deyoo and Nelly Hardenbergh.
Born July 30. Sarah, child of Daniel D. Bernhart and
Maria Countryman.
Oct. 16 ; born Aug. 26. Levi Hasbrouck, child of Ambrose
Simmons and Anny Constable.
236
Born Sept. 4. Cornelia, child of Samuel Hasbrouck and
Lydia Crispel.
Born Aug. 18. Brachy Deyoo, child of Christian and An-
natje Freer.
Oct. 30 ; born Sept. 5. Catherine, child of John W. Schoon-
maker and Maria Deyoo.
Born Oct. 6. Gertrude Bruyn, child of John N. Lefever
and Sarah Dubois.
Oct. 30 ; born Oct. 3. Rebeccah Dubois, child of Timothy
Branin and Maria Yerk.
Born Oct. 31. Ditmasse, child of Abraham J. Hardenbergh
and Margaret Dubois.
Nov. II ; born July 27. Huldah, child of Samuel Danelsen
•and Elaner Hood.
Born July 30. Corinus Jenkins, child of Lewis W. Dubois
and Bridget Jenkins.
Nov. 27 ; born Oct. 27. Eli, child of Jonathan Freer and
Syntje Agmoedy.
Dec. II ; born Oct. 14. Daniel Johnson, child of Jacobus
Lefever and Elizabeth Johnson.
Born Nov. 2. Cornelia, child of Joseph Dubois and Maria
Hardenbergh.
Born Oct. 16. Jacob, child of Ezekiel Sparks and Deborah
York.
Dec. 25 ; born Oct. 23. Peter, child of Peter Agmoedy and
Eve Smith.
Born Nov. 2. Ann Eliza, child of Art Freer and Maria
Smith.
1815, Jan. 8 ; bom Nov. 25, 1814. Maria, child of Wilhel-
mus Dubois and Catherine Deyoo.
Born Nov. 4, 1814. Hugo, child of Charles B. Van Wa-
genen and Sarah Sluyter.
Born Nov. 3, 1814. Ennes, child of Joseph and Jane
Deyoo.
Jan. 12 ; born Dec. 16, 1814. Luther, child of Joshua
Freer and Rachel Schoonmaker.
Born Nov. 21, 1814. Blandina Elmendorf, child of Abra-
ham P. Lefever and Margaret Johnson.
237
Feb. 5 ; born Oct. 25, 1814. Ezekiel, child of Josiah Has-
brouck, Jr., and Anny Viele.
Born Dec. 16, 1814. William Henry, child of Abraham.
Traphagen and Catherine Dubois.
Born Dec. 22, 1814. Harriet, child of Jacob Schoonmaker.
Born Dec. 3, 1814. Catherine Maria, child of Edward
Klaerwater and Elizabeth Freer.
Born Jan. i. Anny, child of Peter Ean and Maria Freer.
Born Dec. 21, 1814. Peter, child of John Burger and Cath-
erine Van Vliet.
July 30 ; born June 19. Eliza, child of Charles Eltinge
and Magdalene Bovier. '
Aug. 4 ; born July 3. Rachel, child of Henry Dunn and.
Elizabeth Terwilliger.
Born May 2. Henry, child of Henry Schoonmaker and
Jane Hoornbeek.
Aug. 18; born July 10. Noah Eltinge, child of William
Hood and Anny Simmons.
Born July 24. Josiah, child of Mathusalem Hasbrouck and
Maria Deyoo.
Born June 8. Magdaline, child of Paulus Freer and^Mary
Weest.
Born July 23. Hiram, child of James Ferine and Catherine-
Freer.
Born July 7. Garrit Dubois, child of Peleg Stevans.
Born July 30. Almira, child of Garrit I, Freer and Maria.
Waldron.
1816, Feb. II ; born Jan. 7. Catherine, child of Matthew
I. Blanshane and Anna Turk.
Born Dec. 26, 1815. Livina, child of Simeon Freer and.
Mary Achmudy.
Born Nov. 7, 1815. Jonathan, child of Abram J. and Maria
Deyo.
Born Sept. 15, 1815. Tobias, child of Solomon Eltinge and.
Rachel Eckert.
Born Jan. 11. Juliann, child of David Atkins and Maria
Van Luvan.
238
Born Nov. 2, 1815. John, child of Joseph Yaple and
Sarah Stokes.
Born Nov. 9, 1815. Elvy, child of William W. Deyo and
Sarah Hasbrouck.
Born Aug. 31, 1815. Ann, child of Isaiah and Jemima
Preer.
April 28 ; born Sept. 14, 1815. Magdalene, child of Simon
M. Lefever and Elizabeth Doio.
Born Apr. 5. Jane, child of Elias Frere and Catarine
Terpenneng.
Born Jan. 16. Jonathan Lefever, child of Smith Ransom
and Maria Lefever.
Born Apr. 15. Catarine, child of David Parker (not bap-
tized) and Elizabeth Van Ake.
Witness : Gideon Van
Born Apr. 7. Mauritius, child of Jacob Wirtz and Catrina
Dubois.
Born Feb. 29. Jacob, child of Jeremia Bovier and Wyntje
Smith.
No date of baptism ; born Apr. 16. William Barns, child
of Lewis Atkins and Ruth Freer.
Born Apr. 19. Cornelia, child of Ezekiel Deyoe and
Deborah Louw.
Born Apr. 4. Solomon, child of Roelof S. Eltinge and
Catherine Lefever.
Born Apr. 29. Catherine, child of Philip Dubois and Hester
Freer.
Oct. 13 ; born Aug. 18. William, child of Christopher Le-
fevre and Sara Doyo.
Born May 30. Jonathan, child of Jacob Freere, Jr., and
Anna Smith.
Born July 10. Elias, child of Zacharia Yark and Mary
Geers.
Nov. 3 ; born June 24. Magdalin, child of Rolof Elting
and Dina Eltinge.
Born June 2. Sarah, child of Salomon P. Hasbrouk and
Magdalen Lefever.
239
Born Sept. 5. Peter, child of Daneel Bernhardt and Maria
Contriman.
Born Sept. 15. Jane, child of Abram S. Dubois and Mag-
dalin Jinkins.
Born Sept. 21. Catarine Dubois, child of Daniel Rosa and
Jane Saxton.
Born Aug. 12. Nathaneel, child of Jonathan J. Lefever and
Dina Hasbrouck.
Born July 15. Eva, child of Jonathan Bovier and Judic
Low.
Born Jan. 30. Elisa, child of David Doio and Catrina
Trere.
Born June 24. Mary Ann, child of Cornelius Terwilger and
Polly Wilkelo.
Born Aug. 2. Louis, child of Richard Hardenberg and
Maria Crispel.
Born Sept. 7. Jesse, child of John W. Schonmaker and
Maria Doio.
Born July 17. Crinis, child of Lewis W. Dubois and Bridget
Jenkins.
Born May 4. Dolly Jane, child of James R. Terwilger and
Bridget York.
Born July 6. Christoffel Doio, child of Christian and An-
natje Frere.
Born Oct. 7. Miamy Ann, child of John Van Voorhees and
Phebe Fluellen.
