






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


FATHER PETER HELBRON'S GREENSBURG, PA.,

REGISTER

(Continued)

1818

Sheridan, William, of John and Catharine Sheridan, born November

30th of the preceding year, baptized January 8th. Sponsors, Patrick

Lynn and Margaret Thomas.

Donnelly, William, of John and Margaret Donnelly, born August 5th,

of the preceding year, baptized January Qth. Sponsor, Johanna
'Sheridan.

Magill, .Susan, of James and Bridget Magill, born December 25th,

baptized January ojh. Sponsor, Johanna Donnelly.

Donnelly, Margaret, of Henry and Johanna Donnelly, born October

20th, of the preceding year, baptized January pth. Sponsor, Jo-
hanna Donnelly.

Original book, page pi.

[A vacant space is here left for one entry.]

Flanagan, Margaret, of Charles and Catharine Flanagan, born November
loth, baptized January i3th. Sponsors, George Coon and Mary
Coon [Kuhn?]

, Sarah, horn about the middle of December, baptized January
1 7th. Sponsors, Henry and Elizabeth Brueck.

Kiens, Benjamin, of Frederick and Mary Kiens', born January i4th,

baptized February 9th. Sponsors, Benjamin Mairkel and Mar-
garet Zindorf.

Krete, .Reuben, of Philip and Elizabeth Krete, born January nth, bap-
tized February i4th. Sponsors, Michael and Theresa Krete.

Maguire, Charles Bonaventure, of Michael and Margaret Maguire, born

January 5th, baptized February 24th. Sponsors, John and Sarah
O'Connor.

[Space for one entry.]

Coyle, Mary, of Philip and Catharine Coyle, born the latter part of

April 1813, baptized March I5th. Sponsors, John and Cecilia

Rogers.

Original book, page 92.

Ruffner, Elizabeth, of Peter and Anna Ruffner, born January 24th,

baptized. March isth. Sponsors, Peter and Margaret Bridge.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 267

McGloghlin, Sarah,- of John and Susan McGloghlin, born March I3th,

baptized March 2Oth. Sponsors, John Flower and Mary Maguire.

Shaefer, Margaret, of Henry and Mary Shaefer, born February I2th,

baptized April I2th. Sponsors, Moise Gillaspy and Catharine

Easley.

Aron, William, of Thomas and Susan Aron, bora March loth, bap-
tized April I2th. Sponsors, Thomas and Catharine Aron.

Mergel, Catharine, of Jdhn and Barbara Mergel, born February 26th,

baptized March 25th. Sponsors, Jacob and Mary Kuhn.

Mayer, Joseph, of Joseph and Martha Mayer, born March 6th, bap-
tized May loth. Sponsors, Conrad and Mary Henri.

Ruffner, Daniel, of George and Susan Ruffner, born November loth

(evidently of the preceding year) baptized May loth. Sponsors,
Jacob and Mary Kuhn.

[Space for one entry.]

Griffin, Peter, of Jdhn and Susan Griffin, born April first, baptized

September i6th. Sponsors, Peter and Margaret Noel.

Original book, page 93.

Griffin, John^ of John and Susan Griffin, born August 2nd, 1816, bap-
tized September i6th. Sponsors, John and Mary Henry.

Winn, John, of John and Unity Winn^ date of birth not given, baptized
September i6th. Sponsors, Patrick and Margaret McGawrin.

On May I9th there were baptized at the same time Mary
[Three-fourths of a page vacant.]

Original book, page 94.

Reinsel, Catharine, of Conrad and Susan* Reinsel, born July i6th, bap-
tized! August 2nd. Sponsors, Dionysius and Catharine Hanlan.

Staub, George, of Adam and Elizabeth Staub, born September I3th,

baptized October 25th. Sponsors, George and Margaret Zindorf.

Berry, Margaret, of James and Anna Berry, born October 22nd, baptized
October 31 st. Sponsors, John Connelly and Margaret McFee.

O'Connor, Charles Bonaventure, of Dionysius and Mary O'Connor, born
September 21 st, 'baptized November ist. Sponsors, Henry Reinsel
and Anna O'Connor.

Maguire, George, of Johanna Maguire, born December 15th, 1816,
baptized November 29th. Sponsors, James and Neremia Maguire.

Maglin, John, of John and Rose Maglin, born January i5th, 1817, bap-
tized November 29th. Sponsor, Bernard .McManus.

Maglin, Edward, of John and Rose Maglin, bom August 15th, baptized
November 29th. Sponsor, John O'Connor.

Toner, Mary, of Matthew and Anna Toner, born December I3th, bap-
tized December I3th. Sponsors, Michael O'Kelly and Anna Dog-
harty.



268 American Catholic Historical Society

1819

Original book, page 95.

Laden, James, of John and Eleanor Laden, born December 2oth, bap-
tized January 3ist. Sponsors, John and Elizabeth O'Connor.

Eckroth, Martha, of Joihn and Catharine Eckroth, born December I4th,

(evidently of the preceding year) baptized January 3ist. Spon-
sors, Christian Bock and Sarah Miller.

O'Connor, Eleanor, of Jo'hn and Sarah O'Connor, born on the 25th of

this month, baptized February 28th. Sponsors, John and Mary
Laden.

Miller, Saralh Anna, of Peter and Elizabeth Miller, born February i6th,

baptized March 7th. Sponsors, Peter and Mary Eckroth.

McVey, William, of Edward) and Anna McVey, born January 23rd,

baptized April loth. Sponsors, Peter and iBridget Rodgers.

Aron, Thomas, o<f Daniel and Mary Aron, born April 2nd, baptized

April 22nd. Sponsors, Thomas and Catharine Aron.

Stephani, Aloysius, of Aloysius and Neoburga Stephani, born March is<t,

1818, baptized April 25th. Sponsors, David Gildner and Eva Zin-

dorf.

Coon [Kuihn?] Catharine Anna, of Jacob and Mary Coon, born March
25th, baptized April 25th. Sponsors, Caspar Easley and Catharine
Rufner.

Aron, Mary Margaret, of Joseph and Margaret Aron, born December
29th, 1818, baptized April 25th. Sponsors, Thomas and Susan
Aron.

Burgeon, Bridget, of Barnabas and Mary Burgoon, born December 25,,

1818, baptized April 25th. Sponsors James and Mary MaGuff.

Original book, page 96.

Scepter, Juliana, of Adam and Mary Scepter, born October 26th (evi-

dently of -the preceding year), baptized May 3Oth. Sponsors,
Joseph and Margaret Noel.

Merigel, Mary Theresa, of Jothn and Barbara Merigel, born April I2th.

baptized May 3Oth. Sponsors, Joihn and Mary Henry.
Flour, Elizabeth, of Valentine and Margaret Flour, born April I7th,

baptized June 6th. Sponsors, Henry and Elizabeth Reinsel.

Kiens, Rose, of Frederick and Mary Kiens, born May i^th, baptized
June 6th. Sponsors, Joseph and Theresa Henry.

Wade, Rose, of George and Elizabeth Wade, born April 3oth, baptized
June 6th. Sponsors, Henry Bock and Susan Noel.

Brogan, Rose, of Charles and Agnes Brogan, born May i6th, baptized
June 6th. Sponsors, Henry and Johanna Donnelly.

Ruffner, Sarah, of Peter and Anna Ruffner, born April i8th, baptized
June I3th. Sponsors, Simon and Christina Ruffner.

Ruffner, Mary Anna, of Peter and Anna Ruffner, born April i8th, bap-
tized June 1 3th. Sponsors, Jacob and Mary Coon.



Father Peter Helbroris Register 269

Krete, Daniel, of Daniel and Sarah Krete, born May 28th, baptized

June 2Oth. Sponsors, John and Catharine Geary.

Smith, John, of Joseph and Catharine Smith, born June 5th, baptized

July 4th. Sponsors, John and Mary Rogers.

Original book, page 97.

Burgoon, Theresa, of James and Martha Burgoon, born June i6th, bap-

tized July 4th. Sponsors, James Magill and' Catharine Maguire.

Ruffner, Valentine, of George and1 Rose Ruffner, born July gth, bap-

tized July 1 5th. Sponsors, Valentine Reinisel and Rose Buck.

O'Kelly, Dionysius, of John and' Alice O'Kelly, born February 26th,

1818, baptized August 22nd. .Sponsors, Edward Shovlin and Cath-

arine Maguire.
Miller, Catharine, of Martin and Magdalen Miller, born July nth, bap-

tized August 29th. Sponsors, Conrad and Mary Henry.
Reed, Mary, of Meredith and Eleanor Reed, born August 3Oth, bap-

tized October loth. Sponsors, James and Catharine Heaney.
Shaeffer, Ludovic, of Henry and Mary Schaeffer, bora September i8th,

baptized October 24th. Sponsors, Ferdinand and Margaret Easley.

Dotzin, Samuel, of William and Elizabeth Dotzin, born on the 7th of

this month, baptized in July. (Date of baptism not given). Spon-
sors, John and Anna Short.

McMullin, Elizabeth, of Enis and Catharine McMullin, born January
13, 1818, baptized in the month of July (date of baptism not given.)

Sponsors, George Trucks and Anna Maguire.
Trucks, George, of George and Bridget Trucks, born March gth, bap-

tized in the month of July (date not given). Sponsors, Thomas
Maguff and Eleanor Maguire.

Henry, John, of Conrad and Mary Henry, born August 28th, baptized
in the month of September (date of baptism not given). Spon-
sors, John and Mary Henry.

Original book, page 98.

Reinsel, Mary, of Conrad and Susan Reinsel, born September 3Oth,

baptized October 30th. Sponsors, Henry and Catharine Coon.
Short, Samuel, of John and Anna Short, born August 2Oth, baptized

November i4th. Sponsors, Michael and Margaret Maguire.
Noel, John, of Joseph and Margaret Noel, born November 26th, 1811

baptized November i4th. Sponsors, Edward and Mary Toner.
Regan, Matthew, of John and Mary Regan, born October 23rd, 1818,

baptized November 21 st. Sponsors', John Connelly and Margaret
Mongomery.

, John, .born 2Oth of this month, baptized November 22nd1

. Spon-
sors, David Mulhollin and Mary Eckroth.

Noel, Sarah, of Simon, and Mary Noel, born October igth, baptized
November 28th. Sponsors, Joseph Bock and Sarah Dogherty.



270 American Catholic Historical Society

Sceptre, Simon, born November 25th, 1810, Margaret, born November

6th, 1812, and David, born January 28th, 1815, of Frederick and

Catharine Sceptre, baptized November 28th. Sponsors, Frederick

Sceptre and Margaret Noel.

Harking, Bridget, of Daniel and Margaret Harkins, born on the gth of

this month, baptized December nth. Sponsors, James Doyle and

Bridget McKrey.
Diamond, Silas, of Philip and Sarah Diamond, born November 3rd,

baptized December igth. Sponsors, James Heaney and Sophy Burk,

Original book, page 99.

Shannon, Edward, of John and Mary Shannon, born i;th of this month,

baptized December 24th. Sponsors, Patrick Shannon and Margaret
MeFee.

Aron, Mary, wife of Conrad Aron, converted from heresy, baptized
December 26th. Sponsors, Thomas and Susan Aron.

Aron, Anna, of Conrad and Mary Aron, born November 23rd, bap-
tized December 26th. Sponsors, John Klinger and Elizabeth

Seifert.

1820.

Rogers, John, of John and Cecilia Rogers, born December igth, bap-
tized January 3Oth. 'Sponsors, James and Mary Rogers.

Rogers, Mary, of Nicholas and Eleanor Rogers, born December 2Oth

(evidently of the preceding year) baptized January 3Oth. Spon-
sors, Maurice and1 Anna McBride.

Coon [Kuhn?] Rose, of Adam and Regina Coon, born June Qth, i8ip>

baptized January 3Oth. Sponsors, Peter and Margaret Bridge.

Henry, Mary Barbara, of Joseph and Theresa Henry, born January 3rd,

baptized February 22iid. Sponsors, John and Barbara Henry.
Ziegler, Elizabeth, of Jacob and Catharine Ziegler, born February i8th,

baptized February 22nd. Sponsor, Magdalen Noel.

Noel, Mary Barbara, of Abraham and Magdalen Noel, born January
30th, baptized February 22nd. Sponsor, Barbara Ruffner.

Original book, page 100.

Miller, George, of George and Elizabeth Miller, born February 25th,

baptized March 26th. Sponsors, Nicholas and Anna Miller.

Heaney, Elizabeth, of Patrick and Anna Heaney, born January 26th,

baptized March 26th. Sponsors, Henry Reinsel and Mary MaGill.

Mayer, Christian, of Joseph and Martha Mayer, born November 5th,

1819, baptized April 2nd. Sponsors. John and Barbara Henry.
Maguire, Philip, of Prendergast and Sarah Maguire, born February

20th, baptized April 3rd. Sponsors, Christian Buck and Anna
Miller.

Aron, Thomas, of Thomas and Susan Aron, born the nth of this

month, baptized April 3oth. Sponsors, George Aron and Elizabeth
Seifert.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 271

Cantwell, Albert, of James and Susan Cantwell, born the 24th of this

month, baptized May 28th. Sponsors, Andrew and Eleanor Ma-

guire.

O'Connor, Catharine, of Dionysius and Mary O'Connor, born April

5tih-, baptized May 28th. Sponsors. Thomas Shannon and Elizabeth

O'Connor.

Crete, Theresa, of Philip and Elizabeth Crete, born February 25th,

baptized May 28th. Sponsors, James Heaney and Theresa Crete.

Original book, page 101.

Geary, Magdalen, of John and Catharine Geary, born February 22nd,

baptized May 28th. Sponsors, Daniel and Sarah Crete.

Campbell, Isabel, wife of John Campbell, converted from Calvinism,

baptized May 28th. Sponsors, Edward Toner and) Catharine Ma-

guire.

Johnson, James, of Tihomas and Anna Johnson^ bom April 2Oth, bap-

tized May 28t!h. (Sponsors, Connell and Catharine Johnson.

Johnson, Charles, of Connell and Catharine Johnson, born February

ist, baptized February ist. Sponsors, Edward and Unity Shovlin.

Lempen, Mary, of John and Margaret Lempen, six years old, baptized

June ist Sponsors, John and Margaret Henry.
, Mary Sidney, born March i2th, baptized June ist. Sponsors,

Nicholas and Sarah Miller.

Henry, Elizabeth, of Conrad and Mary Henry, born June 23rd, bap-
tized July 30th. Sponsors, Frederick and Mary Kiens.

O'Connor, Anna, of John and Sarah O'Connor, born July 2nd, bap-
tized July 3Oth. Sponsors, Michael and Margaret Maguire.

Original book, page 102.

Donnelly, Isabel, of Henry and Johanna Donnelly, born on the 6th of

this month, baptized July 3Oth. Sponsors, Edward Toner and Mar-
garet Donnelly.

Staub, John Christian, of Adam and Elizabeth Staub, born June 28th,

baptized July 3Oth. Sponsors, Peter and Eva Zindorf.

Murry, Rebecca, of Daniel and Rebecca Murry, born December 25th,

1819, baptized July 3Oth. 'Sponsors, Dionysius and Mary O'Connor.

Barry, John, of James and Anna Barry, born July igth, baptized July
30th. Sponsors, John Harkins and Anna Ferry.

Mullin, Eleanor, of Richard and Isabel Mullin, born July 4th, baptized
July 30th. Sponsors, Meredith Toner and Catharine Rodgers.

Eastley, Andirew Jacob, of Caspar and Rachel Eastley, born September
23rd, baptized December 9th. Sponsors, James and Martha Eastley.

Aron, John, of Daniel and Mary Aron, born October 5th, baptized
December 9th. Sponsors, George Aron and Margaret Rufner.



272 American Catholic Historical Society

Rufner, Henry, of George and Rose Rufner, born November 5th, bap-
tized December 9th. Sponsors, John and Catharine Bock.

Coon [Kuhn?] Mary Matilda, of Solomon and Elizabeth Coon, born

September ist, baptized December pth. Sponsors, Jacob and

Mary Coon.

Original book, page 103.

Mahn, Francis, of Hugo and Eleanor Mohn, born November I7th,

baptized December loth. Sponsors, Walter and Sarah O'Hanlan.

(Note: In the original book of entry, on page 149 are the following

entries).

Margaret Wilson, daughter of James and Johanna Wilson has pro-
fessed the Catholic Faith in the presence of Edward Chevlin and
and Patrick Mihan as witnesses, second of January, 1818.

Jacob Barker., a Lutheran, has professeid the Catholic Faith in the pres-

ence of John and Mary Henry on the 23rd of April, 1819.

John Lamping, has professed the Catholic Faith in the presence of

Conrad Henry and David Mulhollin, 27th February 1820.

Original book, page up.

(No date) James McCaddin, forty-seven years old, in a public pro-
fession renounced the Lutheran heresy and was baptized condi-

tionally.

Margaret Donnelly, aged forty-two years, in a public profession re-

nounced the Calvinistic heresy and was conditionally baptized. The
witnesses were John Donnelly and Michael Maguire.

1821

Original book, page 103.

Cornin, Margaret, of Charles and Susan Corndn, born near Youngs-
town in this State on the second day of this month, baptized March
8th by Rev. T. MoGirr on March nth. /.Sponsors, Doctor McGirr
and Eleanor McGirr.

[Note: In this and the following entries the sponsors are said to have
held the child

"
suspnt."]

Miller, John^ of Peter and Elizabeth Miller, born on the nth day of

February of this year in the town called Unity, 'baptized by the

Rev. Terence McGirr on March the nth. Sponsors, George and
Susan Miller.

Coon, [Kuhn?] Jacob, of George and Mary Coon, born in a place called

Hempfield, in this- State, on the 28th day of December 1820, bap-
tized by the isame on March nth. Sponsors, Dionysius Conner and
Margaret Eastly.

Reinsel, John, of Conrad and Susan Reinsel, born in a place called

Derry Township on the 28th day of January of this year, baptized



Father Peter Helbron's Register 273

by the same on March 25th. Sponsors, Anthony Reinsel and Eliz-

abeth Hanlin.

Kerrigan, John, of Mordecai and Mary Kerrigan, born in the town-

called Derry towship on the I7th day of February of this year,

baptized by the same on March 25th. Sponsors, John and Mary
Keregan.

Leading Mary Ann, of John and Eleanor Leadin, born at Unity on the

2Oth day of March of this year, baptized by the same April (date

not given). Sponsors, Philip McBride and Mary Leadin.

Sloey, Margaret, of Hugo and Mary Sloey, born near the town called

Youngstown in this State in the Month of March of this year, bap-

tized by the same on April 2Oth. Sponsor, Matilda Coll.

Hearkins, Unity, of Hugo and Isabel Hearkins, born on the I2th of

April, 1820, baptized by the same on April 23rd. Sponsor, Rachel

Coon.

Henry, George, of Adam and Rachel Henry, born on the 24th day of

March, 1821, baptized by the same on April 22nd. Sponsors, Henry
Rensel an/d Margaret Ruffener.

Myer, Elizabeth, of Joseph and Martha Myer, born on the 28th day of

March, 1821, baptized by the same on April 22nd. Sponsors, Joseph
Akerman and Elizabeth Hanlin.

Lampin, John, of John and Margaret Lampin, born in this State on
the I2th of November, 1820, baptized by the same on April 26th.

No sponsors given.

Original book, page 104.

Johnson, John, of Thomas and Anna Johnson, born in the town called

Unity, on the I4th day of this month and year, baptized by the

same on April 27th. Sponsors, Edward and his wife Anna Sihevlin.

Diamond, Margaret, of William and Esther Diamond, born in the town
called Derry township on the nth diay of January of this year, bap-
tized by the same May 3ist. Sponsors, John and his wife Anna
Short

[Space for one entry.]

Ruffener, Isaac, of George and Susan Ruffener, born on the 2ist day of

July, 1820, baptized by the same May loth. Sponsors, George and

Mary Ruffener.

Scuptre, Jacob, of Frederick and Catharine Scuptre, born on the loth

of December 1820, baptized by the same May loth. Sponsors,
Jacob Noel and Margaret Senduff.

Orange, John Henry, of Peter and Margaret Orange, born 27th of

August, 1820, baptized by the same May loth. Sponsors, Daniel and
Sarah Crete.

Nesler, Michael, of Blo'sius and Rose Nesler, born 27th of Sep-
tember 1820, baptized by the same on May nth. Sponsors, Michael
Crete and Margaret Ruffener.



274 American Catholic Historical Society

Stephan, John Godfrey, of Ludovic and Prudentia Stephan, born Au-

gust i6th, 1820, baptized by the same on May nth. Sponsors,

Henry Bridge and Mary Kelly.

McLaughlin, Susan, of John and Susan McLaughlin, born on the loth

of March of this year, baptized by the same May nth. Sponsors,
Richard and Susan Hare.

Original book, page 105.

Kentz, John, of Frederick and Mary Kentz, born in the town called

Unity on the 28th day of June, baptized by the same August loth.

Sponsors, John Henry and his wife Margaret.

Miller, Mary Elizabeth, of Martin and McLena Miller, born near Han-
natown on the 28th day of June of this year, baptized by the same
on August I2th. SponsorSj Joseph and his wife Theresa Miller.

Hearkins, Hugo, nearly 16 years old, of John and Elizabeth Hearkins,

baptized August 12. Sponsor James McGill.

Hearkins, of John and Elizabeth Hearkinis, nine years, making it the

i8th day of March, 1811, baptized by the same August I5th. Spon-
sor, Christian Ruffener.

Miller, Sarah, of George and Susan Miller, born on the 27th day of July
of this year, baptized by the same on August iSth. No sponsors
given.

Hearkins, Margaret, of John and Elizabeth Hearkins, born on the i8th

of July of this year, baptized by the same on August I5th. Spon-
sors, Jacob Coon and Catharine Eastly.

Burk, John, of William and Johanna Burk, born on the 5th of July in

Derry township, baptized by the same on September 23rd. Sponsors,
Edward and his daughter Anna Toner.

Septer, Joseph, of Henry and Elizabeth Septer, born on the first of

October, 1820, baptized by the same on September 23rd. Sponsors,
Bernard Grant and Maggy Coll.

Septer, Frank, of Adam and Mary Septer, born on the i6th of Novem-
ber, 1821, baptized on September 23rd. Sponsors, Henry Buck and
Catharine Rodgers.

[Note: There is evidently an error here either in the date of birth or
in the date of baptism. As there are no entries for November and De-
cember, it is quite possible that the date of baptism is wrong.]
Reed, John, of Mordecai and Eleanor Reed', born on the i8th day of

this month and year and baptized on September 28th. . Sponsors,
Bernard McGirr and Rose Kienan.

Original book, page 106.

Shiffer, Ferdinand, of Henry and Mary Sniffer, born on the i;th of
September of this year and baptized by the same on September 28th.

Sponsors, Christopher Ruffner and Catharine Eastley.
November, by the same.

1

[Vacant space for entry.]



Father Peter Helbron's Register 275

1822

Buck, Sarah, of John and Catharine Buck, born on the nth of Janu-

ary of this year, baptized by the same on February 6tk Sponsors,

George and Susan Miller.

Glepsy, Lucilda, of James and Elizabeth Glepsy, born in Derry town-

sihip on the 9th of May of this year, baptized by the same June 7th.

Sponsors, Con. Johnston andi Rose McKenna.

Aron, Jacob, of Conrad and Mary Aron, born on the 4th of May of

this year, baptized by the same on June i6th. Sponsors, Solomon

iSippert and Elizabeth Aron.

Conor, Mary, of John and Sarah Conor, born on the 27th of May of

this year, baptized by the same on June i6th. iSponsors, Bernard
McGirr and Anna Lea-din.

Geary, Joseph, of John and Catharine Geary, born on the 9th of Feb-

ruary of this year, baptized by the same on June 23rd. Sponsors,

John and his wife Elizabeth Crete.

Original book, page 143.

"See the end of this volume, page 99 (143)." The following five

baptisms are entered on page 99 (143) A. D. 1822.

Crete, Elizabeth, of Daniel and Sarah Crete, born on the nth of De-
cember, 1821, baptized by Rev. T. McGirr on April i9th. Sponsors,
Michael Crete and Elizabeth Cipphers.

Crete, Elizabeth, of Philip and Elizabeth Crete, bom on the 9th of

April of this year, baptized by the same May 12th. Sponsors, Dan-
iel and his wife Sarah Crete.

Peters, Anna Mary, about six years old, born of nonnCatholic parents,
baptized1 by the same on May I2th. Sponsors, Henry and his wife
Catharine Coon.

Conor, Margaret Ltisilda, of Dionysius and Mary Conor, born on the
8th of this month and year, baptized May I7th. Sponsors, John
and his wife Sarah Conor.

Cassidy, Bridget, of Patrick and Bridget Cassidy, born on the 29th, of
January of this year, baptized by the same on May 26th. Sponsors,
Hugh Conway and Margaret McGill.

Original book, page 107.

Johnson, Edward, of Constantine and Catharine Johnson, born at Derry
township on the I7th day of this year, baptized by the same on July
1 7th. Sponsors, Dionysius Conor and his wife.

Fitzsummens. William, of Patrick and Elizabeth Fitzsummens, born
on the 3rd of April of this year, baptized by the same on August
3rd. Sponsors, John Poynta and Gena Leadin.

Tolin, William, of Jeremiah and Mary Tolin, born on the ist of April
of this year, baptized by the same on August 3rd. Sponsors, Fred-
erick Kintz and Margaret Sendoff.



276 American Catholic Historical Society

Rodgers>, Eleanor, of John and Cecilia Rogers, born on the 27th of

July, of this year, baptized by the same on August nth. Sponsors,
Edward Toner and Ally Mullen.

Stoup, Mary Ann, of Adam and Elizabeth Stoup, barn on the 28th of

of May of this year, 'baptized by the same August nth. Sponsors,

George and his wife Elizabeth Topper.

McFee, John, of John and) Catharine McFee, born on the 2nd of Au-

gust of this year, baptized September (date not given). Sponsors,
Felix McBride and Anna Henry.

Eastly, John, of Caspar and Rachel Easily, born on the 9th of August
of this year, baptized1 by the same September ist. Sponsors, Jacob
and his wife Mary Coon.

Original book, page 108.

Buck, Henry, of Joseph and Elizabeth Buck, born on the i;th of Au-

gust, baptized by the same September 8th. Sponsors, Christopher
Buck and Mary Hanlin.

Keys, John, of Joseph and Mary Keys, iborn on the 7th of July of this

year, baptized by the same September 8th. Sponsors, George Coon
and his wife Mary.

Barr, James, of Daniel and Mary Barr, iborn on the ist of this month,
and year, baptized by the same on the I7th of September. Sponsors,
Cornelius Campbell and Sarah Henry.

Rensel, Joseph, of Antihony and Elizabeth Rensel, born on the 22nd of

September of this year, baptized by the same on October 3rd.

Sponsors, Dionysius and his1 wife Catharine Rensel.

McMullen, William, of John and Mary McMullen, born on the gth day
of the month of September of this year, baptized by the same on
October i3th. Sponsors, John Toner and Catharine Eastly.

McGinn, Margaret Amastasia, of John P. and Martha McGinn, born
on the 28th of September of this year, baptized by the same on
October 21 st. Sponsor, Eleanor McGirr.

Meehan, James>, of Roger H. Meehan, born OB the 4th of this month
and year, baptized by the same on November loth. Sponsors,
Patrick and his wife R. McDermott.

McGuire, Rose, of Prendergast and Sarah McGuire, born on the ist of
October of this year, baptized by the same December iSth, Spon-
sors, Barnabas Slhirly and Catharine McQuire.

Original book, page 109.

[December 2Oth, space for one entry.]


