






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


FATHER PETER HEtBRON'S GREENSBURG, PA.,

REGISTER

(Continued)

Copied from the original by the Rev. Father, John, O. S. B., of Saint

Vincent's Abbey, Pennsylvania. Translated by Lawrence F. Flick,

M.D., LL.D.

l8l2 CONTINUED

Mercckel (Christian name of child not given), daughter of John and
Anna Barbara Mercckel, born January 25th, baptized April I2th.

Sponsors, John Henry and Mary Barbara his wife.

Mecfee, Elizabeth, of Patrick and Anna Mecfee, born January 29th,

baptized April I2th. Sponsors, James Megee and Bridget his wife.

THE CONGREGATION AT BOFFLOE

O'Dannel, Patrick, of Dionysius and Margaret O'Dannel, born Feb-

ruary 27th, baptized April 26th. Sponsors, Patrick Ried and Anna
Braun.

Original book, page 70.

Gelaspy [Gillespie?], James, of Nicholas and Barbara Gelaspy, born

November 29th, baptized April 26th. Sponsors, James Mecbraidt

and Barbara his wife.

Beyly [Bailey?], Hugo, of Patrick and Catharine Beyly, born March

i6th, baptized April 26th. Sponsors, John Quinn and Anna Meguy
[Magee?].

Meclachelen [McLaughlin?], Bernard, of Patrick and Anna Meclache-

len, born January I4th, baptized April 26th. 'Sponsors, John Boil

and Mary his wife.

O'Donnel, Michael, of Nicholas and- Bridget O'Donnel, born January
I9th, baptized April 26th. Sponsors, Peter Dogen and Margaret
McColl.

Gary [Carey?], Rose, of Timothy and Susan Gary, born December 2Oth

(evidently of the preceding year), baptized April 26th. Sponsors,
Nicholas Dogen and Margaret 'Scherethon [Sheridan?].

Meccfy, Hugo, of Daniel and Bridget Meccfy, born March pth, bap-

tized April 26th. Sponsors, John Duffy and Sara Hartman.

Froilet, William, of John and Cecilia Froikt, born September 2ist

(evidently of the preceding year), baptized April 26th. Sponsors,

James and Bridget Quinn.



136 American Catholic Historical Society

Meccelray [McElroy?], Mary, of Charles and Mary Meccelray, born
October 2d (evidently of the preceding year), baptized April 26th.

Sponsors, Patrick Gelaspy [Gillespie?] and Mary Preys.

Migen, Patrick, of John and Rachel Migen, date of birth not given,

baptized April 26th. Sponsors, Alexander Hagerthy and Margaret.
(No further designation.)

Megarthy [McCarthy?], John, of John and Anna Megarthy, born Feb-

ruary 3d, baptized April 26th. Sponsors, Dionysius and Susan

Dogen.
O'Donnel, Dionysius, of Cornelius and Elizabeth O'Donnel, born Jan-

uary I2th, baptized April 26th. Sponsors, John Gelaspy and Brid-

get Duffy.

Mecdemard, Salome, of Patrick and Bridget Mecdemard, born Decem-
ber I7th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized April 26th.

Sponsors, Nicholas Mecbraigdt and Salome Dogen.
Dogen, Daniel, of Michael and Bridget Dogen, born March 8th, bap-

tized April 26th. Sponsors, Dionysius O'Donnel and Bridget his

wife.

Mecbraigd [McBride?], Nicholas, of Nicholas and Sibylla Mecbraigd,
born February ist, baptitzed April 26th. Sponsors, Marck Meguy
[McHugh?] and Mary his wife.

Original book, page 71.

Ruffner, Susan^ of George and Susan Ruffner, born April 8th, baptized

May 7th. Sponsors, Peter Ruffner and Susan Handell.

Aaron, Margaret, of Peter and Mary Aaron, born March 24th, baptized

May 7th. Sponsors, John Gery and Elizabeth Zinsdorff.

Kenann [Keenan?], iRebecca and 'Rose, of Jacob and Catharine Ke-
nann (date of birth not given), baptized by Father Megeer [Mc-
Girr?] May 23d. Sponsors, Peter Arens, with his wife, and Ter-

ence Megeer and Catharine, daughter of Ferdinand Isly [Easly?[.

Litz, Catharine, of Daniel and Catharine Litz, five years old, baptized

May 3Oth. Sponsors, George Reinzell and Catharine Dapper.

Spring, John, of Joseph and Susan Spring, born October 26th, 1811,

baptized May 30th. .Sponsors, John Henrich and Mary Barbara.

(No further designation.)
Molline [Mullin?], Salome, of Dionysius and Catharine Molline, born

April I7th, 1811, baptized May 3Oth. Sponsors, John McGough and
Sara his wife.

Kelly, Genevieve, of John and Ella Kelly, born October 8th (evidently
of the preceding year), baptized July 5th. Sponsors, Henry Kuhn
and Catharine his wife.

Peas, John, of Jacob and Catharine Peas, born May iSth, baptized July

5th. Sponsors, John Gerry and Elizabeth Seyfert [Seybert?].

Conner, Salome, of Dionysius and Magdalen Conner, born June nth,

baptized July 5th. Sponsors, Jacob Hoeny and Petronilla Conner.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 137

Original book, page 72.

Thiter, Susan, of Henry and Catharine Thiter, born October 2;th (evi-

dently of the preceding year), baptized July 26th. Sponsors,
John Henrich and Elizabeth Muller.

Roger, Joseph, of John and Cecilia Roger, born August 8th, baptized

September 26th. Sponsors, William Dagourthy and Margaret his

wife.

O'Donnel, Elizabeth, of Daniel and Cecilia O'Donnel, born December
ist (evidently of the preceding year), baptized October i8th.

Sponsors, Christian Ruffner and Elizabeth Noell.

Schorth [Short?], Mary Ann, of John and Anna Schorth, born March

I4th, baptized October i8th. Sponsors, Peter Carrigan and Pru-
dentia his wife.

Kuhn, Salome, of George and Mary Kuhn, born on the 7th (month not

given), baptized October 25th. Sponsors, Jacob Kuhn and Cath-

arine his sister.

Pettecorth, Jacob, of Jacob and Margaret Pettecorth, born May I5th,

baptized October 25th. Sponsors, Livey Borgoon and Mary Bertly.

Borgoon [Burgoon?], Dionysius, of James and Margaret Borgoon, born
October 8th, baptized November ist. Sponsors, Peter Carrigan
and Prudentia his wife.

Griffy, Catharine, of John and Mary Griffy, born May I3th, baptized
November 22d. Sponsors, Henry Griffen and Magdalen his wife.

Original book, page 73.

Huntsberger, Daniel, of Peter and Catharine Huntsberger, born No-
vember 2Oth, baptized November 22d. Sponsors, Philip Seiffert

and Barbara his wife.

Doff [Duff?], Rose, of Paul and Johanna Doff, born July 29th, four

years old, baptized December i;th. Sponsors, John Curren and

Margaret his wife.

1813

Brick, Susanna, of Peter and Margaret Brick, born January 5th, bap-
tized February 25th. Sponsors, George Kuhn and Mary his wife.

:

, (Family name not given), Hugh, born 1811 (day of birth not

given) son, and Bibina his sister, three years old, daughter of

the same father, baptized by the same April nth. Sponsors,

Moyses Gilaspy and Anna May.
McGill, William, of James and Bridget McGill, born February 4th,

baptized by the same May 2nd. Sponsors, John Hoeny and Susan
his wife.

Wight [White?], Thomas, born November I5th (evidently of the pre-

ceding year) baptized by the same May 2nd. Sponsors, John

Wegth and Theresa, his wife.



138 American Catholic Historical Society

Duff, John, of Paul and Johanna Duff, born February 2Oth, baptized

by the same May pth. Sponsors, Patrick Mecbarn and Catha-
rine Roger.

Muller, Daniel, of Martin and Magdalen Muller, born April loth, bap-
tized by the same May i6th. Sponsors, John Henrich and Mary
his wife.

Original book, page 74.

Hemler, Christian, of Christian Hemler and Catharine his wife, born

May 8th, baptized by the same July loth. Sponsors, Adam Staudt

and Elizabeth Zinsdorff.

Madje, Arthur, of William Madje and Mary, his wife, born November
8th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized July loth. Spon-
sors, John Kelly and Elizabeth Holder.

Mecdonnell, Anna, of Dionysius and Cecilia Mecdonnell, born April

8th, baptized by the same August ist. Sponsors, John Roger and

Cecilia, his wife.

Wagener, Elizabeth, of John Wagemer and Barbara, his wife, born

June 5th, baptized by the same August ist. Sponsors, Henry
Reinzell and Elizabeth, his wife.

Patten, William, of James Patten and Rachel, his wife, born June 5th,

baptized by the same August I5th. Sponsors, Daniel Boyl and

Bridget Patten.

Monholland [Mulhollond?], Eleanor, of David Monholland and Anna
his wife, born February 6th, baptized by the same August 22nd.

Sponsors, Jacob Hoeny and Elizabeth Mecciven [Mclvan?].
Burgoon, Barbara, of Bernard Burgoon and Mary, his wife, date of

birth not given, baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors,
Peter Korrien and Petronilla. Surname not given.

1810

[The following entries are made on page 74 of the original book but

are distinctly marked 1810. Evidently they were entered from a mem-
orandum. L. F. F.]

Moore, Peter, of David Moore and Sarah, his wife; five years old,

baptized by the same (month not given but possiby August) I2th.

Sponsors, David Cannady [Kennedy?] and Catharine Cannady,
his sister.

Moore, Sarah, of David Moore and Sarah, his wife; twelve years old,

baptized by the same on the same day. Sponsors, Balthasar Good
and Agnes Mayo.

Moore, James, of David Moore and Sarah, his wife; eight years old,

baptized by the same (evidently on the same day) although not

stated. Sponsors, John Schmidt and Margaret his wife.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 139

Meclaglen [McLaughlin?], James, of Michael Meclaglen and Rose, his

wife, baptized by the same on the same day with three others bap-
tized by the same priest, that is, with Mary, Anna and William
and with the same sponsors.

Original book, page 75.

Kuhn, Jacob, of Jacob Kuhn and Mary, his wife, born on the tenth

day of the same month, baptized by the same on October 3ist. It

is uncertain whether in 1810 or 1813, but probably in 1813. Spon-
sors, Solomon Kuhn and Margaret Brick.

(Note: The following entry for December stands both under 1813
and the year 1810 but inasmuch as 1810 is evidently an insert for the

few extra baptisms of August, we may assume that the December
entry is for 1813. L. F. F.)

Moiling, Catharine, of Richard Moiling and Isabel, his wife, born

July 14, baptized by the same, December loth. (Sponsors, Peter

Carrien and Prudentia, his wife.

(The entries which follow are for October and September, probably
of 1813 although they likewise stand under the heading of 1810.

L. F. F.)

Brick, Margaret, of Henry Brick and Elizabeth his wife; date of
birth not given, baptized by the same October 9th. Sponsors,

George Brick and Margaret, his sister.

Gerry, Samuel, of John and Catharine, his wife; date of birth not

given, baptized by the same on the igth of the same month. (Evi-

dently October.) Sponsors, Martin Gerry and Mary, his wife.

Bracken, Helen, of Charles Bracken and Agnes, his wife, born on the

twelfth of September, baptized by the same on the same day (evi-

dently as the preceding one). Sponsors, John Conner and Helen,
his sister.

Reinzel, Elizabeth, of George Reinzel and Catharine, his wife; date

of birth not given, baptized September i8th. Sponsors, Henry
Reinzel and Elizabeth, his wife.

Kinz, Conrad, of Frederick Kinz and Mary, his wife, born November

5th, baptized by the same on the ipth. (Probably of December).

Sponsors, Conrad Henry and Mary Kinz.

Conner, William, of Dionysius Conner and Magdalen, his wife, born

October 27th, baptized by the same the 25th. (Probably of De-

cember). Sponsors, Solomon Kuhn and Elizabeth Breiht.

1814.

Aaron, Elizabeth, of Joseph Aaron and Margaret, his wife, bora on
the same day, baptized by the same on the Qth. (Month not

given). Sponsors, Peter Brick and Margaret, his wife.



140 American Catholic Historical Society

Brick, Cornelius, born November i8th (evidently of the preceding
year), baptized February 2nd. Sponsors, John Hiersman and his
wife.

Original book, page 76.

Miller, John, of George Miller and Catharine, his wife, born March
30th, baptized by the same April ;th. Sponsors, Andrew Gersten-
weiler and Anna Maria Zinsdorff.

Drux, Susan, of George Drux and Bridget, his wife, born October,
25th, baptized) by the same April loth. Sponsors, Abraham Drux
and Bridget McDemord, maiden.

Ruffner, Catharine, of Simon Ruffner and Mary Barbara, his wife,
born December 14, 1813, baptized by the same April nth. Spon-
sors, William Daugherty and Margaret, his wife.

Kuhns, Solomon, of George Kuhns and Mary, his wife, born March
20th, baptized by the same April I7th. Sponsors, Solomon Kuhn
and Mary Harry, maiden.

Gery, Bridget, of Martin Gery and Mary his wife, born January 3ist,

baptized by the same April i7th. Sponsors, Peter Ruffner and
Theresa Cread.

Gryffen, [Griffin?], Margaret, of Henry Griffin and Mary, his wife,
born June 6th, (evidently of the preceding year) baptized by the
same April i;th. Sponsors, Jacob Kuhn and Mary, his wife.

Ruffner, Catharine, of George iRuffner and Susan, his wife, born
March i6th, baptized by the same (date not given, but probably
April i/th). Sponsors, Joseph Zinsdorff and Catharine Ruffner.

Schmidt, Elizabeth, of Joseph Schmidt and Catharine, his wife, born

January i;th, baptized by the same, April 24th. Sponsors, John
Bornheimer and Elizabeth Handell.

Arens, Joseph, of Peter Arens and Mary, his wife, born May 3Oth,

baptized by the same June 2nd. Sponsors, Mosses Gelaspy and
Theresa Cred.

Molliry, William, of Bernard Molliry and Susan his wife, born Sep-
tember 5th, (evidently of the preceding year), baptized by the

(date not given, but probably June 2nd). Sponsors, Michael
Meciver [Mclvor?], and Elizabeth Megiver.

Miiller, Rose, of Peter Miiller and Mary, his wife; two years old,

baptized by the same in July (date not given). Sponsors, Joseph
Bock and Rose.

Original book, page 77.

Kelly, Edward, of John Kelly and Ally, his wife, born October pth,

baptized by the same July 3rd. Sponsors, John Roger and Cecilia,

his wife.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 141

Cred, Johanna, of Daniel Cred and Salome, his wife, born March 2Oth,

baptized by the same, July i/th. Sponsors, Thomas Aroon and
Theresa Cred.

Megrady, Clemens, of Patrick Megrady and Mary, his wife; five years

old, baptized by the same on July 31 st. Sponsors, Clement Bur-

leigh and Cecilia Roger.
Meckelfee, Daniel, of Patrick Meckelfee and Anna, his wife, born

March I5th, baptized by the same August I4th. Sponsors, Mosses

Gilasby and Salome Laden.

Borgoon, James, of Livey and Anna, his wife, born July 3rd, bap-
tized by the same August I5th. Sponsors, Edward Delany and

Margaret Megouht.
Morphy, John, of Patrick Morphy and Amelia, his wife; two years

old, on September 29th, baptized by the same August 28th. Spon-
sors, Patrick Megraty and Amelia Morphy.

, Margaret (family name not given) of and Mary, his

wife; three years old on August 2Oth, baptized by the same on

August 28th. Sponsors, Patrick Morphy and Catharine Isly.

Machen, Harriet, of Martin Machen and Salome, his wife, born

January 22nd, 1814, baptized by the same October 23rd. Spon-
sors, Joseph Handel and Margaret Broun.

Handel, Aloysius, of Joseph Handel and Mary, his wife, born Septem-
ber, 1813, baptized1 by the same October 23rd. Sponsors, Dion-

ysius Handel and Salome Machen.

Original book, page 78.

Henrich, John, of John Henrich and Mary, his wife, born October 3Oth,

baptized by the same November loth. Sponsors, John Henrich and

Barbara, his wife.

Hirsman, John, of John Hirsman and Mary, his wife, born June i6th,

baptized by the same November 2Oth. Sponsors, James Henry
and Elizabeth Brick.

Kuhn, Andrew, of Jacob Kuhn and Mary, his wife, born November

4th, baptized by the same, December nth. Sponsors, Andrew
Gerstenweiler and Catharine, his wife.

Grunewaldt, John, of John Grunewaldt and Anna, his wife, born

December 6th, baptized by the same December 25th. Sponsors,
William Dagourthy and Margaret, his wife.

Merckell, Conrad, of John Merckell and Barbara, his wife, born

August nth, baptized by the same December 26th. Sponsors,

Conrad Henry and Mary Kinz.

1815.

Brick, Matthias, of Peter Brick and Margaret, his wife, born Decem-
ber 26th, baptized by the same January isth. Sponsors, Andrew
Gerstenweiler and Catharine, his wife.



142 American Catholic Historical Society

Wight, [White?], Mary Magdalen, of George Wight and Elizabeth,
his wife, born January ist, baptized by the same February I2th.

Sponsors, James Noell and Rose Wight.
Hunsberger, Elizabeth, of Peter Hunsberger and Catharine, his wife,

born January 5th, baptized by the same March I2th. Sponsors,
Daniel Cred and Salome, his wife.

O'Donnel, James, of Daniel O'Donnel and Cecilia his wife, born No-
vember i6th, baptized by the same March I2th. Sponsors, Timothy
Conner and Petronilla Conner.

Original book, page 79.

Massereo, Israel, of Israel Massereo and Mary, his wife, born Febru-

ary 21 st, baptized by the same April 9th. Sponsors, Peter Ruffner
and Margaret Zinsdorff.

Noell, Margaret, of Simon Noell and Mary, his wife, born March 5th,

baptized by the same, April gth. Sponsors, Peter Noell and Mar-
garet, his wife.

Ruffner, George, of George Ruffner and Sibylla, his wife, born Febru-

ary isth, baptized by iRev. G. F. X. O'Brien April I2th. Sponsors,
James and Mary Eastly. (Written by Rev. O'Brien, P.J., O.S.B).

Roger, William, of John Roger and Cecilia, his wife, born March 2Oth,

baptized by the same April i6th. Sponsors, Moses Gelaspy and

Mary Coll.

Reinzel, Daniel of George Reinzel and Catherine, his wife, born March
I2th, baptized by the same April 16. Sponsors, Henry Reinzel and
Catherine Kuhn.

Dulany, Margaret, of Dennis Dulany and Margaret, his wife, born

February I7th, baptized by Rev. G. F. X. O'Brien April i6th.

Sponsors, John Rogers and Anna MecAfee. (Written by Rev.

G. F. X. O'Brien, P.J., O.S.B.) .

McClean, George, of John McClean and 'Rose, his wife, born on the

26th (month not given) 1813, baptized1 by the same May 7th.

Sponsors, Edward iSchoely and Salome Laden. ("The same"
here again means Father Helbron. L. F. F.).

Meclean, Margaret, of John Meclean and Rose, his wife, born March
I3th, 1815, baptized by the same May 7th. 'Sponsors, Mosses

Gelapsy and Anna Conner.

Aron, Catharine, of Joseph Aron and Margaret, his wife, born April
2Oth, baptized by the same May 2-1 st. Sponsors, Henry Reinzel

and Elizabeth, his wife.

Original book, page 80.

Koss, Joseph, of Joseph Koss and Mary, his wife, born April 5th,

baptized by the same May 25th. Sponsors, George Reinzel and

Catharine, his wife.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 143

Borgoon, Mary Anne, of James Borgoon and1 Martha, his wife, born
October 3oth, (evidently of the preceding year) baptized by the
same May 25th. Sponsors, Timothy Conner and Helen, his wife.

Derven, William, of Nicholas Derven and Anna, his wife, born March
i6th, baptized by the same May 29th. Sponsors, Frank Kelly
and Frances, his wife.

Derven, Mary, of Nicholas Derven and Anna, his wife, born April
27th, baptized by the same May 29th. Sponsors, John Kelly and
Anna Flaningen.

(These two children apparently are of the same parents and ac-

cording to the record would appear to have been born within the
same year but evidently one of the children was born in another year
and the date has not been given. L. F. F.)

Anderson, Margaret, of John Anderson and Isabel, his wife, born

August 6th, 1899 (evidently a mistake for 1809), baptized by the
same May 29th. Sponsors, John Roger and Elizabeth Flanningen.

Linch, Rose, of Bernard Linch and Wilfrida, his wife; born Novem-
ber i8th, baptized by the same May 29th. Sponsors, Charles

Flanningen and Mary Flanningen.
Glass, John, of Christopher Glass and Mary, his wife; date of birth

not given, baptized by the same June 2nd. Sponsors, Anthony
McMollin [McMullen?], and Mary, his daughter.

Schort, Joseph, of Frank Schort and his wife ; date of birth not given,

baptized by the same June 2nd. Sponsors, Levy Borgoon and

Mary Berrny.

Gery, George, of John Gery and Catharine, his wife, born April I9th,

baptized by the same June 4th. Sponsors, George Gery and
Theresa Cread.

Septer, Joanna, of Adam iSepter and Mary, his wife, born April I2th,

baptized by the same June i8th. Sponsors, John Henrich and

Mary, his wife.

Alvin, Theresa, of Jacob Alvin and Catharine, his wife, born April

2Oth, baptized by the same June nth. Sponsors, Jacob Schmidt
and Susan Handall.

Meconly, John, of John Meconly and Mary, his wife, born May loth,

baptized by the same June nth. Sponsors, John Meclaglen and
Elizabeth Megyirsen. (Possibly McPherson).

Bell, Ruban, of John Bell and Mary his wife, born May i6th, 1813,

baptized by the same June nth. Sponsors, Wendalin Bonn-
heimer and Catharine Morris.

Father Helbron used pages 81 & 82 for
" Ordo funeralis 1800-1814.

Original book, page 83. (Two pages have been skipped and at the

head of this page 1815 is again entered).



144 American Catholic Historical Society

Mecgill, Joseph, of James Mecgill and Bridget, his wife, born June
9th, baptized by the same July 9th. Sponsors, John Wagener and
Barbara, his wife.

Miiller, Jacob, of Martin Miiller and Magdalen, his wife, born June
5th, baptized by the same August 27th. Sponsors, Joseph Henrich
and Mary Kyndls.

Mecgready, John, of Patrick Mecgready and Mary, his wife, born
March 8th, baptized by the same September 3rd. Sponsors, Ed-
ward Delany and Catharine Isly.

Kins, George, of Frederick Kins and Mary, his wife, born August
22nd, baptized by the same September 5th. Sponsors, Joseph
Henry and Elizabeth Henrich.

(There is a memorandum here: "See page 149 where it is stated

there were admitted into the Romnan Ctholic Church the following
in the year 1805. March 8th, there professed the Catholic Faith, Mary
Barbara Ruffner, daughter of Peter Corr and Margaret his wife.

Lutherans." Then goes on the regular entry).

Aaron, Jacob, of Thomas Aaron and Susan, his wife, born February
i3th, baptized by iRev. G. F. X. O'Brien, March 9th. Sponsors,

Philip Cypher and Barbara Cypher.

Miller, Mary, of George Miller and Catharine, his wife, born Decem-
ber 6th, 1815, baptized by the same May I9th. Sponsors, John
Henry and Mary Henry.

(The preceding entry is the last Baptismal entry written by Father

Helbron. In Autumn 1815 he went to Philadelphia to consult a physi-

cian. On his return trip Father Helbron died at Carlisle, April 24,

1816. All entries that follow were written by Rev. G. F. X. O'Brien,

pastor of St. Patrick's church, Pittsburgh. Father O'Brien attended

Sportsman's Hall until Dec. 29, 1817, on which date Rev. Charles

Bonaventure Maguire, who had been appointed pastor, arrived).

Stoup, Susan, of Adam Stoup and Elizabeth, his wife, born November
27th, 1815, baptized by the same May I9th. Sponsors, Peter

Arisch and Mary Sendulf.

Brogan, Sarah, of Charles Brogan and Agnes, his wife, born March
ist, baptized by the same, May I9th. Sponsors, James and
Catharine Haney.

Connery, Anna, of Maurice Connery and Sarah, his wife, born Feb-

ruary 20th, baptized by the same May I9th. Sponsors, John
Curran and Elizabeth McKever.

Hershman, Peter, of John Hershman and Mary, his wife, born Octo-
ber i8th, 1815, baptized' by the same May 22nd. Sponsors, Henry
Bridges and Elizabeth Bridges.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 145

Original book, page 84.

Henri, George, of James Henri and Elizabeth, his wife, born April
24th, baptized by the same May 23rd. Sponsors, John Henri and
Barbara Henri.

Maracle, Solomon, of John Maracle and Barbara, his wife, born
March i2th, baptized by the same May 23rd. Sponsors, Joseph
Henri and Catharine Miller.

Mullen, Isabel, of Richard Mullen and Isabel, his wife, born Novem-
ber 27th, 1815, baptized by the same, May 23rd. Sponsors, Moses
Gillespie and Bridget Rogers.

Bridges, James, of Peter Bridges and Margaret, his wife, born May
3ist, baptized by the same July I4th. Sponsors, James Henry
and Elizabeth Henry, his wife.

Jones, Anna, of John Jones and Elizabeth, his wife, born July n, 1815

baptized by the same July I4th. Sponsors, Michael Curran and
Catharine Clinger.

Walker, Samuel, born March 8th, baptismal ceremony supplied by the

same on July i6th. Sponsors, John Harthman and Mary Harth-
man.

Ruffner, Margaret, of George Ruffner and Susan, his wife, born De-
cember 2ist, 1815, baptismal ceremony supplied by the same, July
i6th. Sponsors, Christian Sendolf and Margaret Sendolf.

Lingel, Rachel, an adult about twenty-two years of age, baptized con-

ditionally by the same on July I7th.

Grenewalt [Griinewald?] William, of John Grenewalt and Anna, his

wife, born August I5th, baptized by the same November 6th.

Sponsors, Michael Curran and Sara Dougherty.

Smitt, Margaret Anna, of Joseph Smitt and Catharine, his wife,

born September 5th, baptized by the same November 6th. Spon-

sors, Handell Bodenhamer and Margaret, his wife.

Hainy, James, born about six years ago, of Patrick Hainy and Anna,
his wife, baptized by the same November 9th. Sponsor, Mary
Hainy.

Original book, page 85.

Hainy, Thomas, born about four years ago, of Patrick Hainy and

Anna, his wife, baptized by the same November pth. Sponsor,

Catharine Hainy.

Hainy, Patrick, born about two years ago, of Patrick Hainy and

Anna, his wife, baptized by the same November Qth. Sponsor,

Anna Hainy.
Flower, Christian, of Valentine Flower and Margaret, his wife, born

September gth, baptized by the same November loth. Sponsors,

James and Bridget McGill.



146 American Catholic Historical Society

Ruffner, Henry, of Peter .Ruffner and Anna, his wife, born September

5th, baptismal ceremony supplied by the same November loth.

Sponsors, George and Mary Ruffner.

Scepter, Susan, of Adam Scepter and Mary, his wife, born April 28th,

baptized by the same, November loth. Sponsors, Peter and Mar-

garet Bridges.

Crait, Catharine, of Daniel Crait and Sara, his wife, born October

i8th, baptized by the same November loth. Sponsors, Jacob

Hainy and Elizabeth Cypher.

McLaughlin, Anna, of Michael McLaughlin- and Eleanor, his wife,

born March ist, baptized by the same November loth. Sponsors,

Anthony and Isabel Dennen.

1817

Boadenhamer, Margaret, of William Boadenhamer and Mary Ann,
his wife born Jan. i6th, baptized by the same February 4th.

Sponsors, Handele Boadenhamer and Anna Margaret Boadenhamer.

(This entry is on page 86 of the original book and is placed after

seven entries which antedate it. After this entry there is a space

of four inches on the page. L.F.F.)

Coon, Daniel, of Jacob Coon and Mary, his wife, born December n,

1816, baptized by the same February 7th. Sponsors, George Coon
and Mary Coon.

O'Conner, Samuel, of Dionysius O'Conner and Mary, his wife, born

December 27th, 1816, baptized by the same, February pth. Spon-

sors Charles Flanaghan and Catherine Flanaghan.

Noel, Daniel, of Abraham Noel and Mary, his wife, born December

3rd, 1816, baptized by the same, Februry 9th. Sponsors, Peter

Noel and Margaret Noel.

McWay, Mary Ann, of Edward McWay and Anna, his wife, born

November 3rd, 1816, baptized by the same, February Qth. Spon-

sors, James Hainy and! Margery Cull.

Original book, page 86.

Crotty, Catharine, of Patrick Crotty and Anna, his wife, born De
cember 7th, 1816, baptized by the same, February Qth. Sponsors,

James Barry and Catharine Moloney.

Aaron, John, of Joseph Aaron and Margaret, his wife, born about

three months ago, baptized by the same February loth. Sponsors,

Thomas Aaron and Catharine Aaron.

Miller, George, about twenty-seven years of age, baptized conditionally

by the same, February nth.

Miller, Mary Ann, of George Miller and Susan, his wife, born on the

7th of this month, baptized by the same February I2th. Sponsors,

George Ruffner and Mary Ruffner.



Father Peter Helbron's Register 147

Donnelly, Thomas, of John Donnelly and Margaret, his wife, born June
I4th, 1806, baptismal ceremonies supplied by the same on April
23rd Sponsor, James McGill.

Donnelly, James, of John Donnelly and Margaret, his wife, born De-
cember 13, 1809, ceremonies of baptism supplied by the same April
23rd. Sponsor, James Hainy.

Donnelly, Mary, of John Donnelly and Margaret, his wife, born May
2nd, 1808, ceremonies of baptism supplied by the same on April
23rd. Sponsor, Mary Hainy.

Donnelly, Isabella, of John Donnelly, and Margaret, his wife, born
March 29, 1812, baptized by the same April' 23rd. Sponsor, Mary
McGill.

Original book, page 87.

Donnelly, Sarah, of John Donnelly and Margaret, his wife, born De-
cember 29th, 1814, baptized by the same April 23rd. Sponsor,

Bridget McGill.

Coon, Mary Ann, of Adam Coon and Rachel, his wife, born March
nth, baptized by the same April 25th. Sponsors, Jacob and Mary
Coon.

Flower, Daniel, of John Flower and Mary Ann, his wife, born Septem-
ber pth, 1816, baptized by the same April 26th. Sponsor, Daniel

Grait.

Geary, Sarah, of Martin Geary and Mary, his wife, born September
22ind, 1816, baptized by the same, April 26th. Sponsor, Sarah Grait.

Seals, Peter, of John Soals and Elizabeth, his wife, born about four-

teen years ago, baptized by the same April 27th. Sponsor, Peter

Noel.

Soals, Jacob, of John Soals and Elizabeth, his wife, born about twelve

years ago, baptized by the same, April 27th. .Sponsor, George
Ruffner.

Soals, Mary, of John Soals and Elizabeth, his wife, born about .six-

teen years ago, baptized by the same April 27th.

Reinsel, 'Rachel, of George Reinsel and Catharine, his wife, born on
the i4th of this month, baptized by the same April 27th. Spon-
sors, Adam and Rachel Coon.

O'Conner, James, of John O'Conner and Sarah, his wife, born Feb-

ruary 4th, baptized by the same April 27th. Sponsors, John and
Eleanor Layton.

Lindsay, James, of Thomas Lindsay and Sarah, his wife, born May 6th,

baptized by the same August 22nd. Sponsors, George Trucks and

Bridget Trucks.

Trucks, John, of George Trucks and Bridget Trucks, his wife, born

May 5th, baptized by the same August 22nd. Sponsors, Barney
and Mary Burgoon.



148 American Catholic Historical Society

Peas, William, of James Peas and Catharine, his wife, born April
i6th, baptized by the same, August 24th. Sponsors, Philip and
Barbara Siford.

Coon, Elizabeth, of George Coon and Mary, his wife, born June roth,

baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors, Jacob and Mary
Coon.

Original book, page 88.

Short, Sarah, of John Short and Anna, his wife, born March 27th,

baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors, Dennis and Mary
Conner.

Burgoon, Anastasia, of James Burgoon and Martha, his wife, born
March i8th, baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors, George
and Mary Coon.

Geary, John, of John Geary and Catharine, his wife, born April gth,

baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors, Conrad Reinsel
and Susan Hanlin.

Peas, Mary, of James Peas and Catharine, his wife, born May i8th,

1815 baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors, Michael Crate
and Mary Siford.

Noal, Mary Ann, of Simon Noal and Mary, his wife, born June 5th,

baptized by the same August 24th. Sponsors, Jacob Noal and

Mary Andreis.

Glass, Mary, of Christopher Glass and Margaret, his wife, born De-
cember 12, 1815, baptized by the same, August 24th. Sponsors,

John Flowers and Mary Ann Flowers.

Bridge, Matthias, of Henry Bridge andj Elizabeth, his wife, born

about two months ago, baptized by the same August 25th. Spon-

sors, George and Catharine Bridge.

Miller, Barbara, of Martin Miller and Magdalen, his wife, born Au-

gust 2 ist of this year, baptized by Demetrius A. Gallitzin on
October I4th. Sponsors, John Henry and Barbara Henry.

Original book, page 89. (At the top of this page there an entry
which reads: "Order of baptisms under the administration of

Father Charles Bonaventure Maguire of Ireland of the Order of

St. Francis of the strict observance on the day on which I have

taken possession of this benefice, namely, the 27th day of Novem-
ber, 1817." There is then the entry, November, 1817, standing
at the head of the list. L.F.F.)

Henry, Mary Ann, of John Henry and Mary, his wife, baptized by
Charles B. Maguire November 29th. Sponsors, .Emmanuel

Bichi [Bihi?], and Mary Zentdorf. The child was born on the

4th of December, 1817. (The 1817 was evidently meant for 1816.



Father Peter Hclbron's Register 149

The entry is signed
" ab a Carolo B. Maguire

" and some of the

entries following it are signed in the same way. L.F.F.)

Coon, Mary Sibylla, of Solomon Coon and Elizabeth, his wife, born
October 4th, baptized by Charles B. Maguire November 30th.

Sponsors, George Ruffner and Rose Ruffner.

Miller, Catharine, of George Miller and Catharine, his wife; born
November 26th, baptized by Charles B. Maguire, December 1st.

Sponsors, George and Margaret Sindorf.

Original book, page po.

Eckroth, Sarah, of Peter and Mary Eckroth, born October ipth, bap-
tized by Charles B. Maguire December I4th. Sponsors, Joseph
Henri and Sarah Miller. (The language used in these entries to

record then sponsors' action is "held at the baptismal font.")

Miller, Elizabeth, of George Miller and Elizabeth, his wife, born

November i8th, baptized December I4th. Sponsors, Jacob Miller

and Elizabeth Eckroth.

Wilson, Margaret, a Calvinist, daughter of James Miller and Johanna,
his wife, baptized December 26th. Sponsors, Edward Chevlin

and Patricia Mihan.


