






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


FATHER PETER HEIBRON'S GREENSBURG, PA.,

REGISTER

(Continued)

Copied from the original by the Rev. Father John, O. S. B., of Saint
Vincent's Abbey, Pennsylvania. Translated by Lawrence F. Flick,

M.D., L.L.D.

1809

Curry, Daniel, of John and Margaret Curry, born January 28th, bap-
tized by R. D. O'Bryan, April 2d. Sponsors, Jacob Kuhn and Mar-
garet Coll.

Hargens, Catharine, of John and Bridget Hargens, born March nth,
baptized by R. D. O'Bryen, April 3d. Sponsors, Charles Roger and
Bridget McDarmeth [McDermott?].

Original book, page 61.

Brick, Peter, of Peter and Margaret Brick, born March 22d, 1809, bap-
tized April i6th. Sponsors, Peter Ruffner and Elizabeth Brick.

[N*95. In the original "by the same" is constantly used, and refers

to Father Helbron. Father Helbron really copied the records into the

book even of the baptisms of Father O'Brien, the latter in all prob-
ability furnishing him the notes. This is indicated by the manner in

which the Irish names have been spelled and in which Father O'Brien's
own name has been spelled. L. F. F.]

Campbell, Andrew, of Michael and Sibylla Campbell, born November
9th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized April 3Oth. Spon-
sors, Anthony Camphell and Mary Campbell, maiden.

Riffel, Thomas, of Bernard and Margaret Riffel, born December 6th,

1801, baptized April 3Oth. No sponsors given.

Riffel, Michael, born May I7th, 1804, of the same father.

Riffel, Abraham, born December 24th, 1805, of the same father.

Riffel, Elizabeth, born May 26th, 1808. No sponsors given for any of
them.

Mecenaldy, Sara and Anna Maria, of Mecenaldy and Catharine
his wife. Sara born August loth, date of birth of Anna Maria
not given but probably the same date, baptized April 3Oth. Spon-
sors, Neal Meclansy and Rose Koyl [Coyle?].



86 American Catholic Historical Society

Koyl [Coyle?], Terence, of Philip and Catharine Koyl, four years old,

baptized April 3Oth. Sponsors, Peter Meccenaldy and Isabel

Campbell.

Koyl, Andrew, four months old, baptized (presumably on the same

day). Sponsors, Charles Roger and Catharine Campbell.
Denaho [Donahoe ], John and Anna, of John and Genevieve Denaho

(date of birth not given), baptized by the same May 5th. Sponsors,
Cornelius and Anna Mecdonnell.

Hammer, Joseph, of John and Margaret Hammer (date of birth not

given), baptized May 5th. Sponsors, Mary Schmid and Patrick

Mecdonnell.

Sander, John, of John and Mary Sander, born July 27th (evidently of

the preceding year), baptized May 7th. Sponsors, James Mecdon-
nell and Margaret Koss.

Koss, Henry, of Joseph and Mary Koss, born May 22d, baptized May
24th. Sponsors, Henry Reinsel and Elizabeth his wife.

Mecdarmet [McDermott?], William, of Patrick and Bridget Mecdar-

met, born April gth, baptized June ist. Sponsors, George Trox
and Prudy, maiden.

Original book, page 62.

Borgoon, John, of Barnabas and Mary Borgoon, born May I3th, bap-
tized July 31 st. Sponsors, George Trox and Margaret Pettecult.

Brucher, Agnes, of Charles and Agnes Brucher, born May ist, bap-
tized July i6th. Sponsors, Peter and Catharine Rogers.

Hoeny, John, of John and Susan Hoeny, born July I3th, baptized

August 27th. Sponsors, John and Petronilla Conner.

Mecmolland, Margaret, of Inos and Catharine Mecmolland, born April

7th, baptized August 27th. Sponsors, Christopher Glass and Mar-

garet his wife.

Hiirsman, Theresa, of John and1 Mary Hursman, born August 5th, bap-
tized September ist. Sponsors, Matthias and Margaret Brick.

Dagharty [Dougherty?], Thomas, of Lachelin and Sallie Dagharty,
born March pth, baptized September ist. Sponsors, John Wagener
and Barbara his wife.

Haas, Salome, of Samuel and Barbara Haas, born April pth, baptized

September loth. Sponsors, Henry and Margaret Brick.

Kelly, John, of Patrick and Margaret Kelly, born March 3Oth, bap-
tized September 23d. Sponsors, John Griinewald and Catharine

Dopper.

[NOTE. In this entry the plural verb "baptizati sunt" is used, al-

though the name of only one child is given.]

Kelly, Margaret, of Patrick and Margaret Kelly, born February 7th,

1805, baptized September 23d. Sponsors, John Henrich and Mary
Griinewald.



Father Peter Helbroris Register 87

Original book, page 63.

Cafferty, John, of John and Mary Cafferty, born February loth, bap-
tized September 25th. Sponsors, Patrick Mequire [McGuire?]
and Margaret Hergens.

Armstrong, Frances, born January I2th, baptized September 2$th.

Sponsors, Patrick Mequire and Frances his wife.

Gryffen, Margaret, of John and Mary Gryffen, born September 29th,

1809, baptized October 15th. Sponsors, Simon and Catharine
Ruffner.

Meglachlen [McLaughlin?], Catharine, of Nicholas Meglachlen and
Pity, his wife, born October 22d, baptized at Carlistle on Novem-
ber I2th. Sponsors, Edward Pentegrass and Mary Jonshten.

Glass, William, of Christopher and Margaret Glass, born October 23d,

baptized December 3d. Sponsors, Dionysius and Mary Conner.

Reinsel, Margaret, of Henry and Elizabeth Reinsel, born October nth,
baptized December 3d. Sponsors, George Reinsel and Margaret
Dopper.

Ruffner, John, of George and Sibylla Ruffner, born August i/th, 1809,

baptized December 24th. Sponsors, William Dagourthy and Mar-
garet his wife.

Kuhn, Peter, of George and Mary Kuhn, born November 29th, 1809,

baptized December 25th. Sponsors, Peter Aaren and Mary his

wife.

Original book, page 64.

Kinz, Anna Mary, of Frederick and Mary Kinz, born November 26th,

1809, baptized December 25th. Sponsors, John Henry and Mary
Barbara his wife.

1810

Noell, Henry, of Peter and Margaret Noell, born December i8th, bap-
tized March 4th. Sponsors, Philip Seyverth [Seybert?] and Bar-
bara his wife.

Conner, John, of Dionysius and Mary Conner, born January i6th, bap-
tized March nth. Sponsors, Timothy Conner and Petronilla his

wife.

Merckell, Mary Ann, of John and Barbara Merckell, born December
8th, baptized March i8th. Sponsors, Frederick Kyns and Mary
his wife.

Ruffner, Mary Ann, of George and Elizabeth Ruffner, born September
2d (evidently of the preceding year), baptized April I5th. Spon-
sors, John Griinewald and Mary Andress.

O'Donnel, Bridget, of Daniel and Cecilia O'Donnel, born December 3d
(evidently of the preceding year), baptized April I9th. Sponsors,
John Roger and Cecilia his wife.



88 American Catholic. Historical Society

Seyvert [Seybert?], Julia, of Philip and Elizabeth Seyvert, born No-
vember 4th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized by the same

April 22d. Sponsors, Philip Seyvert and Barbara his wife.

Miiller, Anna, of Martin and Magdalen Miiller, born March 2d, bap-
tized April 22d. Sponsors, Thomas Aaron and Anna Mulleni,

widow.

Original book, page 65.

Ruffner, Henry and Peter, brothers, of George and Susan Ruffner, date

of birth not given, baptized April 23d. Sponsors, George Ruffner

and Anna Maria, his wife, for the one, and Peter Simon Ruffner

and Anna Maria Zinsdorff for the other.

Kuhn, Mary Elizabeth, of Henry and Catharine Kuhn, born March
28th, baptized April 23d. Sponsors, Henry Reinzell and Elizabeth

his wife.

Arens, George, of Peter and Mary Arens, born April 7th, baptized

April 29th. Sponsors, George Kuhn and Mary his wife, for whom
Catharine Dopper stood as proxy.

Handel, Catharine, of Dionysius and Catharine Handel, born February
2d, baptized May 6th. Sponsors, Catharine Zinsdorff, maiden, and

Conrad Henry.
Kuhn, John, of Jacob and Mary Kuhn, born May 1st, baptized June 3d.

Sponsors, George Ruffner and Mary his wife.

Michen [Meehan?], Sara, of Bernard and Sallie Michen, born June 1st,

1809, baptized by the same June 3d. Sponsors, Jacob Ruffner and

Margaret Broun.

Noell, Anna, of Joseph and Margaret Noell, born March I2th, baptized

July isth. Sponsors, John Henry and Mary Henrich his wife.

Zepter [Septer?], John, of Adam and Mary Zepter, born April 2Oth,

1809, baptized July I5th. Sponsors, Simon Ruffner and Catharine

his wife.

Original book, page 66.

Schorts, Margaret, of John and Anna Schorts, born January loth, bap-

tized July 1 5th. Sponsors, Jacob Hoeny and Elfy Coogen.

Megouhh [McGough?],' James, of John and Sara Megouhh, born June

23d, baptized July 15th. Sponsors, Jacob 'Reyhen and Susan Drox,
maiden.

Ruffner, Daniel, of Christian and Mary Ruffner, born January 23d,

baptized July 2pth. Sponsors, George Ruffner and Mary his wife.

Moiling, Mary, of Richard and Annabel Moiling, born February 3Oth,

baptized August 15th. Sponsors, John Roger and Catharine Roger
his mother.

Mecdarmor, Mary, of Patrick and Bridget Mecdarmor, born August
i8th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized August I5th.

Sponsors, Jacob Hoeny and Margaret Collfy.



Father Peter Hclbron's Register 89

Griffy, Henry, of Henry and Magdalen Griffy, born July I4th, baptized
October I4th. Sponsors, George Ruffner and Margaret Isly

[Easly?].

Handell, Joseph, of Joseph and Mary Handell, born April 27th, bap-
tized October 21 st. Sponsors, Peter Ruffner and Margaret Ruff-

ner.

Ruffner, Henry, of Henry and Elizabeth Ruffner, born August ist, bap-
tized October 28th. Sponsors, Simon Ruffner and Mary Barbara
his wife.

Morx [Marx?], John, of Jacob and Theresa Morx, born October I4th,

baptized November ist. Sponsors, Matthias Brick and Mary his

daughter.

Original book, page 67.

Britge, George Henry, of Henry and Elizabeth Britge, born August
i3th, baptized November ist. Sponsors, George Henry Reinzell

and Elizabeth his wife.

Megennery [McEnery?], Mary, of John and Mary Megennery, born
October 26th, baptized December 2d. Sponsors, John Roger and

Mary McDarmer.
Carr, Frances, of Manasses and Catharine Carr, born May 2d, baptized

at the River Yock, November 25th. Sponsors, William McQuinly
and Anna his sister.

Coll, Anna, of James and Salome Coll, two years old, baptized Decem-
ber 25th. Sponsors, Daniel Boyl and Cecilia his wife.

Callaigher, Mary, of John and Mary Callaigher, born August i8th,

baptized December 25th. Sponsors, Dionysius and Catharine

Dugen.
Brick, Andrew, of Peter and Margaret Brick, born November 3Oth,

baptized December 25th. Sponsors, Jacob Kuhn and Mary Ruffner.

1811 ,

Conner, James, of Dionysius and Mary Conner, date of birth not

given, baptized March 2Qth. Sponsors, James Megeel and Cath-
arine Kuhn.

Ruffner, Catharine, of Simon and Mary Barbara Ruffner, born Decem-
ber 9th, 1810, baptized April nth. Sponsors, George Kuhn and

Mary his wife.

Mecfee, Salome, of Patrick and Anna Mecfee, born November Qth

(evidently of the preceding year), baptized April i4th. Sponsors,
Frank Gilde [Guilday?] and Anna Thomas.

Carr, Manasses, of Patrick and Petronilla Carr, born February 22d,

baptized June 2d. Sponsors, Daniel Boyl and Catharine Dugen.
Calegar [Gallagher?], Frances, of Anthony and Bridget Calegar, born

May 24th, baptized June 2d. Sponsors, James and Julia Boyl.



90 American Catholic Historical Society

Original book, page 68.

Grenewald [Griinwald?], Catharine, of Joseph and Mary Grenewald,
born October 24th, 1810, baptized June i3th. Sponsors, Henry
Brick and Elizabeth his wife.

Hargen, Mary, of Nicholas and Bridget Hargen, born February 7th,

baptized July 7th. Sponsors, John Hargen and Catharine Roger.
Borgoon [Burgoon?], Elizabeth, of Bernard and Mary Borgoon, born

April 2ist, baptized July I4th. Sponsors, Peter Corrigen and

Prudy his wife.

Pettecott, Salome, of Jacob and Margaret Pettecott, eight months old,

baptized July I4th. .Sponsors, Michael Corrigen and Anna Welsch.

Septer, Christina, of Adam and1 Mary Septer, born June 28th, baptized

August 26th. Sponsors, Simon Noell and Mary Andreas [An-
drews?].

Ruffner, Catharine, of George and Sibylla Ruffner, born May I4th, bap-
tized August 8th. Sponsors, Ferdinand Isly [Easly?] and Mar-

garet his wife.

Brugen, Mary, of Charles and Agnes Brugen, born September 9th, bap-
tized October 6th. Sponsors, John Wagener and Barbara his wife.

Isly [Easly?], Johanna, of Anthony and Elizabeth Isly, born September
ist, baptized Otober 28th. Sponsors, Jacob Kuhn and Mary his

wife.

1812

Glass, Jacob, of Christopher and Margaret Glass, born January 2d, bap-
tized January 2d. Sponsors, John Hoeny and Catharine. (No
further designation.)

Original book, page 69.

Kuhn, Joseph, of Jacob and Mary Kuhn, born December 21 st, 1810,

baptized February 9th. Sponsors, Peter Brick and Margaret his

wife.

Miiller, Magdalen, of Martin and Magdalen Miiller, born November
9th, 1811, baptized February i6th. Sponsors, James Henrich and

Margaret Zinsdorff, widow.

Kins, Barbara, of Frederick and Mary Kins, born October 7th, 1811,

baptized February 23d. Sponsors, James Henry, a young man and

Mary Kins, maiden.

Morfy [Murphy?], Margaret, of Neil and Margaret Morfy, born Jan-

uary 26th, baptized March 29th. Sponsors, Patrick Morfy and

Margaret his wife.

Hirsman, Mary, of John and Mary Hirsman, born January loth, bap-
tized March 25th. Sponsors, Matthias Brick and Mary his wife.

Ruffner, Salome, of Christian and Mary Ruffner, born December 6th

(evidently of the preceding year), baptized March 25th. Sponsors,
Peter Ruffner and Rose Wight.

( To be continued]


