






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 67

Registers is the fact that except in few instances baptisms were con-

ferred by Fr. Helbron, the only other officiating ministers thereof being
Frs. Goetz and La Grange. Again it seems to have been a not un-

usual fashion of Fr. Helbron, when inscribing the names of godparents
to set down in first place the man or woman after whom the subject
was called. (See the first three registrations for 1796. Other similar

instances will frequently be met with.) Moreover wherever the Chris-

tian names of parents are found coupled with an " and ", as
"
John and

Mary" So-and So the register shows that they were husband and
wife.

The Baptisms contained in this series of Holy Trinity registers
for the year 1796 number one hundred and nineteen including ten of
"
illegitimates

"
; for 1797, sixty including one "

illegitimate
" and one

pair of twins; for 1798, fifty-six including three "illegitimates" and

similarly one pair of twins ; and for the first eight months of 1799,

forty, a total number of 275 baptisms including fourteen
"
illegiti-

mates " and two pairs of twins.

T. C. M.
Villanova College, Pa., Feb. 12, 1911.

BAPTISMS FOR 1796.

Langlois, Charles Ferdinand Mary, born Nov. 19, 1795, of Dn Francis

Thomas [then a word illegible; looks like Dissoseb], Dean advo-
cate in the Supreme Court of Cap Frangois [of San Domingo],
and Dna Maria Catharine Louvela Langlois ; bapt. January 2d ;

sponsors Dna
. Maria Catharine Geautis & Dno

. Ferdinand Gour-

don, merchant, of Philadelphia. [Signatures:} Marie Chaterine
des Marie, Ferd. Gourdon, Langlois Desfouer.

Kupper, Mary Catharine, born Dec. 19, 1795, of Conrad and Joanna
Kupper; bapt. 3d; sponsors Mary and Anthony Houy.

LaMeer, Mary Joseph, negro, one month old, of John Louis and Mary
Joseph LaMeer ; bapt. 5th ; sponsors Mary Joseph Chaperill and
Nicholas Marn.

Norbeck, Barbara, born Dec. u, 1795, of Jacob and Mary Norbeck;
bapt. loth

; sponsors Margaret and Daniel Norbeck.

Cremer, Bernard, born Jan. 7, of John and Barbara Cremer ; bapt. loth ;

sponsors Bernard and Catharine Scheffler.

[A note by Fr. Helbron states that Mary Catharine Cremer, a

sister of Bernard Cremer, was born Mar. 27, 1793, and bapt. Mar.

29, the same year.]

Savois, Joanna Mary Margaret, born Dec. 23d, 1795, of Jacob and

Mary Magdalen Brossard Savois; bapt. nth; sponsors Michael

Thirion and Joanna de Lorme.

Marey, Joanna Mary, born Mar. 24, 1795, of Jacob and Mary Bellin



68 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Marey; bapt. nth; sponsors Michael Thirion and Joanna De
Lorme.

Granon, Anna, born II P. M., Oct. 25, 1795, of John and Margaret
Isnard Granon; bapt. 23d; sponsors Anthony Francis Planche
and Anna Lombard.

Boislandry, Emilius, born Jan. 26th, 1792, of Basil and Genevieve Vidal
le Grand Boislandry; bapt. 26th; sponsors John Mary Soullier

and Catharine Victoire le Grand Boislandry.

Opfermann, Mary, born I2th, of Adam and Elizabeth Opfermann;
bapt. 27th ; sponsors Mary Houy and Anthony, married.

Bastian, John, born i3th, of Joseph and Elizabeth ; bapt. 26th ; sponsors

John William Bastian and Catharine Elizabeth Dorple, widow.

Rabbo, Mary Susanna, born Dec. 16, 1795, of Joseph and Anna Rabbo;
bapt. 31 ; sponsors Mary Susanna Peppin and John, her brother.

Jullie, Josephine, born Jan. [the
"
Hujus," i. e., February, as in the reg-

ister, apparently an error. F. X. R.] 26th, of Josephin Jullie and

Polytaderna [her mother?]; bapt. February 2d; sponsors Francis
Rivaud and Rachel Wenzen. [Signature:] De Shulier fils-

Fox, Elizabeth, born Jan. 12, of Adam and Margaret Fox ; bapt. 8th ;

sponsors Elizabeth Baumans and John, her brother.

Morien, Mary, born Dec. 25th, 1794, of Amand and Mary Rosa Morien;
bapt. 9th ; sponsors Josephine Verrie and John Dutilh, unmarried.

, Louisa Joanna, born June i, 1794, negress of unknown parents;

bapt. i6th; sponsors Jacob Philip Henry and Mary Martha Eliza-

beth Lavaud.

John Francis George, born Oct. i, 1795, mulatto of unknown
parents; bapt. i6th; sponsors John Francis Sully Lavaud and

Mary Muriet. [Signatures:] Marie Muriet, Miss Lavaud, Sully

Lavaud, Nanry Lavaud.

[Both of the foregoing entries have a line drawn diagonally

through them. F. X. R.]

Hoffmann, Anne Mary, born Jan. 23d, of Caspar and Salome Hoff-

mann ; bapt. 23d ; sponsors Anna Mary and Martin Kaisfer \Kef-

ferf]

Gynther, Mary Elizabeth, born 22d, of George and Frances Gynther;

bapt. 29th; sponsors Anna Mary and Michael Schyndler.

Bastian, Anna Mary, born Jan. i6th, of Charles and Apollonia Bas-

tian ; bapt. 6th
; sponsors Anna Mary and Michael Schyndler.

Forrest, Mary Anna, born 7th, of Jacob, Catholic, and Mary Forrest,

Quaker ; bapt. March loth
; sponsor Anna Theisin.

Froment, John, five months old, of Peter and Theris Froment; bapt.

2Oth; sponsors John Baptist Noce and Margaret Suyare. [Signa-

tures:] Jean Bapt. Noels, Fleuvedely, Pierre Froment.

Stahler, Daniel, born 4th, of William and Mary Stabler, Lutherans;

bapt. 20th; sponsors Daniel and Margaret Worbeck [Norbeck?].



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 69

Englesby, Mary, three months old, of Patrick and Barbara Schester

Englesby; bapt. 27th; sponsors Mary Michal and Patrick Breyer.
Souis, John Baptist Charles, born Nov. 16, 1795, of Dn- John Baptist

Souis, born in Bordeaux [France], and his wife Dna- Mary Su-
sanna Robert Coels, of Port du Prince [sic, but Port au Prince, in

San Domingo?]; bapt. i6th; sponsors John Baptist Verdier, of

Bordeaux, and Susanna Carola Bourdet Du Boury, widow.

Jockell, Elizabeth, born 24th, of George and Mary Jockell; bapt. 3ist;

sponsors Elizabeth and Caspar Heily.

Dubosa, Louisa Sophia, born Mar. 3d, of Henry Augustine and Cath-

arine Sophia Dubosa ; bapt. April 5th ; sponsors Angelica Louisa
Scharts and Claude Ambrose Disgert.

Lochler, Salome Catharine, born 6th, of George and Elizabeth Lochler;

bapt. loth ; sponsors Catharine and Anthony Heim.

Ducoin, William, born Mar. 2Oth, of John and Salome Woekel Ducoin;
bapt. 17th ; sponsors William Dappon and Mary Micks. [Signa-

tures:] William Tapon, Pre Seguin, Sarah Deucine.

, Mary Magdalen, six months old, of Frances and Judaria, ne-

groes; bapt. i8th; sponsors Mary Josephine Basswell, negro, and

Philip Bathiss.

Dauce, Cecilia Clara, born Mar. 25th, of John Baptist and Joanna Bau-
chett Dauce ; bapt. i8th ; sponsors Cecilia Victoire Dullimer * and

John Baptist Grapwall. [Signatures:] Deliguires,* Dauce, Gras-

saral.*

[Note. "Born in France" follows the names marked with a

star.]

Duneken Meclauen, John, born igth, of John and Margaret Duneken
Meclauen; bapt. 23d; sponsor Mary iRippon.

Duplessie, Joseph Benjamin, born , of Duplessie, French [rest

wanting] ; bapt. 25th ; sponsors, .

Osty, Jacob, born i8th, of Francis and Mary Magdalen Osty; bapt.

2Qth ; sponsors Jacob and Mary Norbeck.

Faures, Placidus Laurence, born Mar. 18, 1794, of Dn- Francis Lau-

rence, merchant, of Cap [Francois] and Da- Hortense Frances

Joanna Elizabeth Pigeot Faures, of Louisburg; bapt. 3Oth; spon-
sors Joseph Placidus Larneir, of the Island of Jermia [sic, Ja-

maica ?], by his proxies Dnus- Michael Grimporet, Notary General

at Cap [Francois], and Margaret Angelica DeLafour, his wife.

[Signatures:] E. Curcier, Grimperel.
Renner, Salohie, thirty years old, wife of Peter Renner, Catholic; bapt.

May 1st; [sponsors wanting].
Hamelin, Francis Amand, born March 16, of Francis and Mary Schnei-

derle Hamelin ; bapt. 8th ; sponsors Amand Fister and Elizabeth

Grobau. [Signatures:] Maud Pfister, E. Brabant, Hamelin.

[Note. Following are some five or six registrations that in part



70 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

are utterly illegible, so many are the interlining* and corrections.

The names, apparently all French, are, as far as can be made out,

Boman, Bacco, Granpre, Sucre and Pastrat. T. C. M.]

Amfrass, Elizabeth, born Apr. 22d, of Jacob and Elizabeth Amfrass;
bapt. i6th; sponsors Salome and Charles Baumanns.

Wilzen [Wilson?], Charlotte, four years old, of Andrew Wilzen, negro,
and Margaret, his wife; bapt. I7th; sponsors Virgil and Louisa
Kauner.

Still [sic, but Stil?], John Mary Emilian, born Feb. 6th, of John Bap-
tist and Elizabeth Julia Still ; bapt. 2oth

; sponsors John Emilian
Herber and Mary Emilian Baltisgin. [Signature:] J. B. Francois
Stil.

Carbinie, Clara, born loth, of Francis Louis and Charlotte Carbinie;

bapt. 28th ; sponsors Clara Robinet and Paul Addemann, of San
Domingo.

Mannierk, Joanna and Martha, sisters; Joanna born July 12, 1791, and
Martha born Jan. 29, 1793, of EX>n Anthony and Martha Manierk;
Joanna bapt. July 30, 1791 ; Martha bapt. Feb. i, 1793 ; sponsors

[Rev.] Peter Helbron, Pastor of Philadelphia, and Catharine de

Ellinghausen, inhabitant of Louisburg.

[Note. The foregoing entry follows that relating to
"
Clara

Carbinie," of May 28. Then follows an entry (in French) signed
" Merthie La Grange," but the faintness of the writing defies any
transcription of the same. Father La Grange signs the next four
registrations also. F. X. R.]

Constantine, Marie Louise, born Jan. 14, natural and lawful daughter
of Pierre and Mary Louise Bideau Constantine, all of San Do-
mingo, resident in this city [i. e., Philadelphia]; bapt. June nth;
sponsors John Baptist [Joachim?] Frontis, merchant and tailor,

and Juliana Mary Ravel.

Saint Martin, Marie, born Jan. 9, 1795, of Jean St. Martin and Louise

Bascoulerge, his wife, of this city; bapt. nth; sponsors Michael
Edward Crepin, apothecary, and Mary Delfaut, of San Do-

mingo.
Simonnet, Louisa Augustina Eugenia, born , of Stephen and

Mary Susanna Maguiant-Vaitten Simonnet; bapt. i6th; sponsors

Augustine Raymond [ ?] and Louisa Margaret Poren.

Shweirer, Elizabeth, born , of Nicholas and Catharine Shweirer;

bapt. i6th ; sponsors, .

Laperche, Peter, born June 24 1795, of John Francis Laperche, mer-
chant at Philadelphia, and Mary Theresa Henrietta Papillon, born
in Bordeaux [France] ; bapt. 24th ; sponsors D. Peter Delaunay
and Mary Brot, of France.

, Louis, negro, born , of P. Cordy Ken Korney and Fran-
ces [?], negroes; bapt. 24th; sponsors [blank].



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 71

Kneill, Joseph, born nth, of Philip and Elizabeth Kneil; bapt. 26th;

sponsors Joseph and Mary Becker.

Poincignon, John Evangelist, born 28th, of Francis and Joanna Coulon

Poincignon ; bapt. 27th ; sponsors John Marechaure and Mary
Roussel. [Signatures:] Francis Poincignon, Jeanne Coulon, John
Marechauri, Marie Roussel.

Juifilla, Mary Genevieve, negro, born , of Juifilla ;

bapt. 29th ; sponsors Genevieve Duplessis and Emiliano La Venier.

[Signatures:] A. M. Lavenir, Genevieve Duplessis.

Crespin, Louisa Margaret, born
, of Michael Edmund and So-

phia Margaret Bergue Crespin ; bapt. 3Oth ; sponsors Mary Verget
Delphau [sic, but Delfault] and John Deveze, of San Domingo.
[Signatures:] Crespin, Bergue Crespin, Deveze, Verget Delfaut.

Sentelx, Mary Clara, born Jan. 6, 1793, of James Leonard and Eliza-

beth Despres Sentelx ; bapt. July 4th, in her parents' house ; spon-
sors Gabriel Decombar and Clara, his wife, proxies for the god-
father, John Baptist Barthelemy, and for the godmother, Modesto

Monsignae. [Signed:] Merthie La Grange, Ptre-

, Mary Josephine, born ist, of Joseph de M and Susan du
M , negroes ; bapt. 4th ; sponsors John Baptist Barthelemy
and Elizabeth Despres. [Signed:] Merthie Lagrange, Ptre.

Boekhofer, John Peter Victor, one year old, of John Pascal and Jo-
anna Budge Boekhofer, of Cap Frangois; bapt. 5th; sponsors
Peter Victor Dorry and Angelica Dorry.

Aschill, Peter, negro, thirteen years old, of ; bapt. 5th; sponsors,
. [Signatures:] Peter Victor Dorey, veuve Paschal, Com-

port, Audatigue, Franchise Condamine, L. Boudier, Trintset, Shou-
die.

Boutet, Ameliana, born Aug. 22d, 1794, of Tranquilli and Charlotte

Barquingen Boutet ; bapt. 5th ; sponsors Catharine Pau and Fran-

cis Boutet.

Spurck, Mary Anna, born May i8th, of Peter and Mary Spurck; bapt
9th ; sponsors Mary Ann Alsmanin and Michael Kupper.

Flemming, Alexander, born Dec. i3th, 1795, of Jacob and Sarah Flem-

ming; bapt. nth; sponsors Alexander Lebours and Constance

Flemming.
Le Merle, Mary Ursina, born June i, of John Peter and Frances Bar-

bie Le Merle ; bapt. i4th ; sponsors Andrew Bossier and Mary
Joanna Monberk, of San Domingo.

Pool, Sarah, born i6th, of Manuel, of no religion, and Margaret Pool,

Quaker; bapt. I5th; sponsors Margaret and Adam Premer, Cath-

olics.

Marino, Elizabeth, two years old, of Michael and Elizabeth Marino;

bapt. I9th ; sponsors Clarus [ ?] Francis and Elizabeth Renno.

Leonard, Joseph, born 9th, of Peter and Salome Leonard; bapt. 22d;



72 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

sponsors Michael Dessie and Messi [Massif], [Signatures:]

Mary Salome Gourrier, Julie Massi [sic],

Detune, John Baptist, born July 4, of Francis and Catharine Detune;
bapt. 24th; sponsors John Baptist Redouet and Mary Justina
Clementine le Mon.

Anderson, Catharine, born 2d, of John and Anna Anderson ; bapt. 27th ;

sponsors Rosanna Bruck and Patrick Anderson.

Krebel, Christina, born 7th, of Mathew and Mary Krebel; bapt. 24th;

sponsors Catharine Hains and Bernard Schoffer.

Obern [but O'Byrne?], Mark, born May 22d, of Patrick and Mary
Obern; bapt. 25th; sponsors Patrick Born [Byrne?] and Sarah

Cheyes [Chase f].

Borie, Adelaide, born 26th [of June?], of Alexander and Anna Donice
Borie ; bapt. 25th ; sponsors John Fourchet and Adelaide Guigue.

Brugmens, Louisa Elizabeth, born May 23d, of Bernard and Frances
Munier Brugmens; bapt. 28th; sponsors Louis Emery and Eliza-

beth Carter.

Robeartson, Louisa Mary Henrietta, born i8th [some words illegible],

of John Robeartson, Captain of an American vessel, now at sea,

and Mary Catharine Morel, his wife, native of Lizieun [sic, Louisi-

ana?], now living in Philadelphia; bapt. 29th; sponsors Louis
Narcisse Baudry deslozieres le devaur, Colonel Inspector of the

French [then a word illegible], and Louisa Mary Mary [thus in the

Index, "Mary" repeated} Amelia Eleanor. [Signed:] Merthie La-

grange, Prtre> Robeartson, Baudry Deslozieres.

Michael, Mary, six months old, of Peter and Elizabeth Michael, ne-

groes; bapt. 3ist; sponsors Mary Agatha and John Devillf?],
negroes.

Willive, Mary Susanna, born July 3Oth, of Andrew and Clara Willive;

bapt. 7th; sponsors Susanna Duppersy and Andrew Matheis.

Vicard, Anna Catharine, born 4th, of John and Anna Vicard; bapt.

loth; sponsors Anna Catharine and Jacob Oellers.

Creuk, Thomas, born I4th, of Thomas and Anna Creuk; bapt. I5th;

sponsor Anna Mary Steindorff. [Signed:] D113-

[i, e., Dominus,
or Mr.] Goetz, Vicarius.

Scheys, Mary, eight months old, of Peter and Mary Scheys ; bapt. 15th ;

sponsors [blank],

Schaeffer, Mary, born 2Oth, of John and Elizabeth Schaeffer; bapt.

22d; sponsors Mary Niedler, maiden, and Jacob Jung.

Fister, Martin, born July 27th, of Martin and Mary Fister ; bapt. 28th ;

sponsors Martin and Catharine Kuhn.

Berrern, John, born , of John and Lucy Berrern, negroes; bapt.

3Oth; sponsor Lucy Berrern, widow.

Ritscher, Magdalen, born Aug. 2ist, of Adam and Mary Ritscher;

bapt. September 4th; sponsors Catharine Ridesheim, maiden, and

John Ridesheim, her brother.



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 73

Rittesheim [maybe should be Ridesheim as in entry just ahead?], Eliza-

beth, born August 26th, of John and Catharine Rittesheim; bapt.

4th; sponsors Elizabeth Berg and Adam Ritesheim [sic], married.

Feremont, Mary Theresa, born [not clear], of John and Elizabeth Fere-

mont; bapt. nth; sponsors Anna Catharine Houy, widow, and

Joseph Grigner, widower.

Ruess, Elizabeth, born , of Francis and Salome Ruess; bapt.

I5th, by Father Goetz, vicarius; sponsors Francis Barpeti and

Margaret Bexter.

Sauerwald, Charles Anthony, born , of John and Mary Margaret
Sauerwald; bapt. i8th; sponsors Charles Anthony and Catharine

Heim.

Strichlein, Mary, born , of Joseph and Barbara Strichlein ; bapt.

i8th, by Father Goetz; sponsors Bernard and Mary Welder.

Fing, Julia, five months old, of Laurence and Anna Fing; bapt. igth;

sponsor Rebecca Wenzel.

Celles, Joanna Rosa, born Feb. 4th, of John Anthony and Rosa Modeste
Hiver Celles ; bapt. 25th ; sponsors John Baptist Celles for Nich-

olas Hiver, and Mary Antoinette Tessaire for Schousell.

Menadie, Constantine, one month old, of Peter and Susanna Menadie;
bapt. 2d ; sponsors George Constantine and Barbara Breck.

Danouille, Louisa Pauline Amelia, born May 25th, of Alexander and

Dorothy Mauron Danouille; bapt. October 4th; sponsors A. Pre-

mord and Louisa Vandereck for Mary Laura Carrere Dorlie.

Lotchers, Michael, born Aug. 4th, of Michael and Salome Lotchers;

bapt. Qth ; sponsors Michael Kuhn and Anna Lotchers, unmarried.

Calliou, Marcial, born Aug. 22d, of Lazarus and Isabella Mercie Cal-

liou ; bapt. loth ; sponsor Marcial Buschez. [But signature reads

thus:]
"
Marcial Bushez."

Buschez [better Bushez?], John, born July 4th, of Marcial and Mary
Justina Calliou Buschez ; bapt. loth ; sponsor Lazarus Cailliou.

Fiel, Francis David, born 2d, of Rudolph and Catharine Jungs Fiel;

bapt. 24th; sponsors [blank].

Beyer, Mary, born Oct. 3Oth, of John Joseph David and Mary Beyer;
bapt. November 4th ; sponsors Mary Salome Nebel.

Braban [Brabant?], Peter Joseph, born 4th, of Peter and Elizabeth

Braban ; bapt. 5th ; sponsors Joseph and Mary Catharine Dieder-

ich. [Signatures:] Brabant, Dietrich, Femme Brabant.

Votge [but Wautier?], Elizabeth Alexandra, born Nov. 4th, of Dom-
inic and Mary Louisa de Caitre Votge ; bapt. i3th ; sponsors
Frances Elizabeth de Feber [Le Fevref] and Alexander Condo-

ming[sic]. [Signatures:] Lefevre, Alex. Condonime, Dom. Wau-
tier.

Lemerle, Anna Mary, born Mar. 26th, of Benjamin and Frances Lem-
erle ; bapt. I3th ; sponsors Mary and John Mailer.



74 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Boulet-Victor, Emilius Germanus, born Sept. 6, 1795, of Tranquille
and Catharine Basconbergue Boulet-Victor; bapt. iQth; sponsors
Emilius Mussard and Germanus Adelheide Boes, of France.

Mairis, Charlotte Catharine, born , negress, of Francis Mairis

and Mary Josephine; bapt. ipth; sponsors Emilius Mussard and
Catharine Charlotte Basconbergue, French.

Kaffer, Caspar Joseph, born Oct. 29th, of Martin and Anna Mary Kaf-

fer; bapt. 23d; sponsors Caspar and Sarah Hoffmann.
Steffen [Stephen?], Susanna, born 23d, of John and Catharine Fiels

Steffen ; bapt. 24th ; sponsors Susanna Fiel and William Tessler.

Thorn, John, born Nov. nth, of George and Magdalen Thorn; bapt.
December 3d ; sponsors John Smith, married, and Catharine Jung,
married.

Fridlie, Mary Josephine Angelica, born May 6th, of John Joseph and

Mary Angelica Mennie [Meugnierf} Fridlie ; bapt. 25th ; sponsors

Mary Margaret Mennie and Joseph Bourche [Bourchet?]. [Sig-

natures:] Joseph Bourchet, Trellie, Mary Margerite Meugnier.
Bress, Anna, three months old, of Joseph Bress and Anna Born ; bapt.

26th; sponsors Mary Piers and Joanna Retchels.

Baptisms for the year 1796 (including 10 illegitimates), 119.

BAPTISMS FOR 1797.

Reviller, John Francis, born Oct. i, 1706, of John Francis and Mary
Casoubon Adelheide Bouge 'Reviller; bapt. January i8th; sponsor
John Francis St. Guily. [Signatures:] Adelaide Beaugee, J. F.

Guily, Carleton Alsopp, Navarine aine.

Stume, Frederic William, born Jan. 28th, of George Frederic and Mary
Margaret Glaschet Stume; bapt. February 8th; sponsor William
Hutwell. [Following is a word (in French apparently) that seems
to mean that Hutwell had the rank, or at least title, of captain
i. e.,

"
Capitaine."]

Sang, Susanna, four months old, of Charles and Mary Black Sang;
bapt. 2ist; sponsors Balsamin Merranth and Laurethe de St. Fir-

ming. [After this name the word "
capitaneaux," i. e., captain.]

[Signatures:] Balsami, Loret De St. Firmeant.

Demarck, Louis Francis, born Nov. loth [1796?], of Louis and Emilia

Loretha Schays Demarck ; bapt. 23d ; sponsors Francis Boutet and

Mary Ve- Guiard. [Signatures:] Boutet; for the godmother, Ve-

Guiard Boutet; for the mother, Boutet.

Julien, Charles Augustus Honorius, born July 25th [/79<5.? ]> of Hon-
orius and Mary Margaret Munie Julien ; bapt. 6th ; sponsors
Charles Joseph Munie and Joanna Angelica Munie.

Benner, Salome, born nth, of Peter and Salome Benner; bapt. 24th;

sponsor iHenry Benner, married brother.

Hoffmann, Catharine and Elizabeth [twin sisters], born Mar. 25th, of



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 75

Adam and Catharine Hoffmann [no date of bapt., but in April,

according to the heading; while the sponsors apparently were]
Catharine Hoffmann and Michael Opfermann, youth, and Eliza-

beth Opfermann.
Wandergroudin, Frances Mary, born Feb. 2Oth, of Wander-

groudin and Mary Frances Rouge; bapt. 2ist; sponsors Francis

Boutil and Frances Barabi.

Bolhwin [Baldwin?], Anna Mary, born Apr. 29th, of John and Cath-

arine Bolhwin ; bapt. May 22d ; sponsor Allymannin.
La Perche, Josephine, born May 9th, 1796, of John Francis and Mary

Teresa Henrietta Papillin La Perche; bapt. 2ist; sponsors Brocho
Brumeau and Josephine Verrier.

Enry, Sophia Mary, three years old, of Louis and Miriam Depong
Enry; bapt. 24th; sponsor Mary Altsmannin, maiden.

Schmidt, Elizabeth, born Apr. I9th, of John Louis and Elizabeth

Madin Schmidt; bapt. June 3d; sponsors Elizabeth Morro and

John Baptist Noell.

Dabsau, Francis, born Aug. i3th [1796?], of John and Catharine Dab-

sau; bapt. 5th; sponsors Francis Rouse and Marcia Mollinary
[Molenari?]. [Signed:] Frangois Rousce.

Bouse, Salome, born Mar. 23d, of Francis Mary Bouse; bapt. 5th;

sponsors Francis Molinari [sic, but Molenari?] and Salome Biess.

[Signatures:] Francosi Molenari, Sal. Rece.

Osting, Joseph, born May 25th, of Francis and Mary Magdalen Nor-
beck Osting; bapt. 7th; sponsors Joseph Regimenter, youth, and

Mary Anna Norbeck, maiden.

[NOTE. Following this entry headed "
July

"
is a memorandum

to the effect that the entries below relate to persons baptized in the

mission stations
"
in stationibus missionis

"
at

"
Monithopp,"

"
Brimuth,"

" New Yorck "
three places, whereof the third only

is recognizable.]

Morgan, Mary, two years old, of Isaac [though the name looks very
much like Isau, Esau, Isaiah] and Rachael Morgan; bapt. July 2d;

sponsors Bridget Juments [Dumontf] and John Bermor.

May, Anthony, born May 27th, of Conrad and Henrietta May; bapt.

2d [?] ; sponsors Charles May and Elizabeth Morris.

Weibell, Jacob, born Mar. 8, 1794, of Conrad and Julia Weibell; bapt.

2d; sponsors Jacob and Magdalen May.
Weibell, Conrad, born Oct. 3d, 1796, of same parents; bapt. 2d; spon-

sors Conrad and Catharine May.
Cahl [Cahilf], John, four years old, of John and Bridget Cahl; bapt.

2d; sponsors Henry and Catharine Cahl.

Morgan, Abigail, seven months old, of Isau [Isaac f] and Rachel Mor-

gan ; bapt. 2d
; sponsors Conrad Weibel and Elizabeth Cahl

[Cahilf].



76 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Mecanne [McCann in the Index], William, born Feb. 5th, of Ferdenti

and Margaret Mecanne; bapt. 2d; sponsors Jacob Viger and
Catharine Robisin [Robinson?].

Schweitzer, John, born , of Anthony and Margaret Schweitzer;

bapt. 2d; sponsors Henry Mecaaling and Anna Schmidt.

Schmidt, Jacob, born Aug. 25th, 1796, of David and Elizabeth Schmidt;
bapt. 2d; sponsors Henry and Elizabeth Collet.

Kremerat, Mary, seven years old, of John and Mary Kremerat; bapt.

2d; sponsors Margaret Mecaner [McCann?] and her husband
William.

Cahl [Cahilf], William, four years old, of Henry and Catharine Cahl;

bapt. 2d; sponsors John Ignatius and Catharine Fill.

Medinet, Mathew, three months old, of Berren [sic, but in following

entry Bernard] and Sarah Medinet; bapt. 2d; sponsors John and
Elizabeth Fill.

Medinet, Mary, three years old, of Bernard and Sarah Medinet; bapt.

2d; sponsors the same.

[NOTE. Here ends part of the July baptisms, whilst those for the

month of June are now continued.]

Ruppell, Mary, born , of Joseph and Barbara Ruppell; bapt.

June 2Oth ; sponsors Mary Miller and John Ruppell.

Schoeffer, Mary, Quakeress, wife of John Schoeffer [then something
referring to the father and mother, apparently of the wife] ; bapt.

22d; [sponsors not named],
Ceilings, Helen, born , of Charles and Elizabeth Oellings; bapt.

June 25th; sponsors Helen Sieger and Peter Schotz.

Goble, John Peter, born , of Bartholomew [and] Helen Goble;

bapt. June 25th; sponsors Peter and Catharine Schotz.

Morphey, Joanna Dell, born Jan. 29, 1795, of Daniel and Eleanor Mor-

phey, Quakers ; bapt. June 25th ; sponsor Mary Morphey.
Nabb, John Peter, four years old, of Mathew and Catharine Nabb;

bapt. June 26th ; sponsors Philip and Catharine Schot.

Nabb, John Philip, born Jan. isth, 1796, of same parents; bapt. June
26th; same sponsors.

Wingert, Barbara, four years old, of Joseph, deceased, and Elizabeth

Wingert; bapt. June 29th; sponsors Frederic Figter and Mary,
his wife.

[NOTE. With the foregoing are apparently the baptisms con-

ferred on his mission journeys by Fr. Helbron, whilst those for

July are now continued.]

Cahl [Cahilf], Elzear, born , of Henry and Catharine Cahl; bapt.

July 3d; sponsors Jacob and Catharine May.
Molly, Conrad, three years old, of William and Catharine Molly; bapt.

3d; sponsors Conrad and Julia Weibell.



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 77

Beck, Catharine Magdalen, born , of John and Catharine Beck;
bapt. nth; sponsors Catharine Hoffman and Peter Eysenburg.

Fox, John Peter, born , of Michael and Mary Fox
; bapt. August

I3th ; sponsors Peter and Mary Catharine Schett.

Thomas, Mary Virginia, born Sept. i, of Louis and Catharine Conrad
Thomas ; bapt. September loth ; sponsors Louis du Commun and
Anna Mary Fressir.

Baje [Baief], Francis Erasmus, three months and nine days old, of

Francis and Claudia Cary Baje; bapt. I7th; sponsors Erasmus
Schoetzer and Margaret Mansfield. [Signature:] Baillet.

Bosquet, Adelheide [Adelaide?] Josephine, born May 2Qth, 1796, of

John Augustine and Regina Mary Eugenia Renaud Bosquet; bapt.

Aug. 2Oth ; sponsors John Testard and his cousin.

[NOTE. The foregoing entry in an unrecognized hand is not

signed by any priest. It belongs, as will be observed, among the

baptisms for August.]

Pierson, John Baptist, four months old, of John Baptist and Mary
Cornudet Pierson; bapt. October 8th; sponsors John Baptist Lor-

ain and Adelheide Louisa Mettler.

Hoffmann, Elizabeth, born Sept. isth, of Caspar and Sarah Hoffmann;
bapt. 8th ; sponsors Elizabeth and Adam Opfermann.

Sullie [Sully?], Louis, born Sept. ipth, of Peter and Mary Sullie; bapt.

I5th; sponsors Caspar and Elizabeth Heily.

Crever, Mary, born Aug. 26th, of David and Anna Mary Crever; bapt.

2ist; sponsors Mary and Francis Schloehardt.

Regimenter, Mary Anna, born Oct. I3th, of Peter and Mary Regimen-
ter ; bapt. November 2d ; sponsors Mary Anna Regimenter, widow,
and her son Anthony, youth.

Decohm [Ducomb?], John Baptist, born Oct. igth, of Vincent and

Rosa Decohm ; bapt. 8th
; sponsors John Baptist Catez and Eliza-

beth Cartey.

Hoffmann, Catharine, eight days old, of George and Catharine Hoff-

mann; bapt. nth; sponsors Catharine Baldy and husband.

Donnley [Donnelly?], Sheny [sic, Jenny?] Elizabeth, born Oct. 22d, of

John and Schene [Jenny?] Donnley; bapt. 2ist; sponsors Mar-

garet and John Malloy [Molloy?].

Lammetta, Joseph, born Oct. 4th, of Louis and Anna Lammetta; bapt.

26th; sponsors Joseph Lammetta and Catharine Carrett. [Sig-

nature:] Ludovicus Lametta.

Schake, Louis, six months old, of John and Louisa Grace Schake ; bapt.

December ist; sponsors Louis Sever and Sophia Mary Frances,

negroes.

Oppermann, Anna Salome, born ist, of Adam and Elizabeth Opper-
mann ; bapt. i8th ; sponsors Salome and Caspar Hoffmann.

Mollnix [Molyneux?], Elizabeth, born Apr. igth, of Jacob and Salome



78 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Mollnix; bapt. Nov. ipth; sponsors Joanna and Thomas Boldin

[Baldwin?].
Noblot [Noblet?], Elizabeth, born I7th, of Francis and Mary Magdalen

Noblot; bapt. 2ist; sponsors Salome and Jacob Lanzinger.

Hubert, Mary, born Oct. I7th, of Anthony and Mary Hubert; bapt.

2ist; sponsors Mary and Francis Schoerhard.

Ganeau [Janeauf}, Elizabeth, born Nov. 22d, of William and Anna
Ganeau; bapt. 2ist; sponsors Mary Trahan [sic] and John Bap-
tist Noel. [Signatures:} Mary Traan, Guilleaume Janeau.

Baptisms for the year 1797 (including one illegitimate and one pair
of twins), 60.

BAPTISMS FOR 1798.

Le Moine, John, born July 3ist, 1797, of Anthony Francis and Amelia
Le Moine ; bapt. January 2d ; sponsors John Peter Sousse and
Sarah Oswald.

Dubos, Henry Jacob Louis, born Dec. I3th, 1797, of Henry Jacob Louis
and Mary Magdalen Dubos ; bapt. 2d ; sponsors Jacob Robilson

and Adelaide Louisa Mattjen [Mathieu?}.
Christmann, William, born Sept. 24th, of Jacob and Elizabeth Christ-

mann; bapt. 3d; sponsors John and Mary Leyen.
La Lande, Joannetta [sic, in English Jeanette?], born Nov. I3th, 1797,

of Bertrand and Bridget Ward La Lande ; bapt. 6th ; sponsors
Joannetta Braun [Brown?] and Anthony Chardon.

Bruhm, Salome Elizabeth, born Nov. nth, 1797, of Anna Bruhm; bapt.

7th ; sponsors Mary Elizabeth and Peter Probant.

Merlier [Merlin f], Frances Catharine Eugenia, born Oct. :6th, 1794,

about one o'clock at night, of Louis Mary and Mary Petronilla

Histraum Merlier, of Dunkergen ; bapt. loth ; sponsors Catharine

Eugenia Severe and Francis Breyll.

Merlier [Merlin?], Frances Louisa Adelaide, born July 4th, 1797, at 10

o'clock P. M., of same parents; bapt. same time; sponsors Louisa

Agnes Gertrude Severe and Francis Breyll.

Breyen [Bryan?], Catharine, born 9th, of John and Catharine Breyen;
bapt. 28th; sponsors Anna Demuth and Patrick Breyen [Bryan?].

Favier, Eugene Amand, born Oct. isth [1797], of John and Elizabeth

Sophia Bagot Favier ; bapt. 29th ; sponsors Amand Bernard Joseph
Esteve and Anna Dubessay.

Lomongin, John and Catharine, born Jan. I2th, of Michael, of France, and
Susanna Lamongin ; bapt. February i6th ; sponsor Michael Barry
Welsh, of Ireland.

Motelay, Andrew Germanus, born Feb. 25th, of Germanus, of France,
and Catharine Martin Motelay, English ; bapt March 2d ; sponsors
Andrew Lewis and Anna Richardet Fiver.

Ritschart [the Index has it "Ritschard"], Joseph, born Feb. 8th, of



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 79

Martin and Elizabeth Ritschart ; bapt. 4th ; sponsors Adam and

Mary Ritschart.

Von Auterstarb, Camillus, born 6th, of Herbert and Anna Catharine

Plernbert Von Auterstarb ; bapt. 7th ; sponsors Peter Deigman, by
his proxy Camillus Von Auterstarb, and Sarah Ensing, relatives of

the child's father.

Kjaeill [Neillf], Elizabeth, born Feb. 28th, of Philip and Elizabeth

Kneill; bapt. nth; sponsors Mary Catharine and Peter Schoedet.

Poincignon, Stephen Francis, born Oct. 14, [1797?], of Francis and Jo-
anna Coulon Poincignon ; bapt. i8th ; sponsors Stephen Francis

L'Maire and Constance Grefieu. [Signature:] Greffin.

Fuhrmann, Abraham, born Aug. Qth [1797'?], of Abraham and Eliza-

beth Fuhrmann ; bapt. April 8th ; sponsors Peter and Margaret
Schoedt.

, Mary Magdalen, born Oct. 4th [i?97f], of Asar, father, and

Mary Magdalen, negroes, of Cap Francois ; bapt. loth ; sponsors

John Sois and Mary Noel, negroes.

Moynihane [Monahanf], Mary, born Mar. 2ist, of Daniel and Cath-

arine Moynihane; bapt. 8th; sponsors Mary Schahen [Shahanf]
and John Leahy.

Bosch, John Baptist, born Sept. 26th [2797'?], of John and Mary Bosch;
bapt. 2ist; sponsors John Baptist de Puet and Genevieve la Be-

giun.

Beynard, Mary Anna, born nth, of Jacob and Susanna Beynard; bapt.
22d

; sponsors Elizabeth Heily and John Staffen.

Munier, Sophia, born Feb. 23d, of Nicholas and Sarah Munier
; bapt.

22d ; sponsors Rosa De Coon and John Astee, French.

Lanzinger, Mary Elizabeth, born Apr. I2th, of Jacob and Mary Ger-
trude Lanzinger ; bapt. 29th ; sponsors Elizabeth and William
Truness [?].

Boulloy, Andrew, born in Port au Prince, Apr. I4th, 1797, of Abraham
Boulloy and Mary Joanna Laevoin Boulloy ; bapt. I2th ; sponsors
Andrew Charles Laroque [Larocque?} and Anna Mary Lacroix.

[Signature:] Andre Carlo Larocque.
Waters, John, born 6th, of John and Elizabeth Waters; bapt. nth;

sponsor John Gottfried.

Schmidt, Anna Mary, born Apr. 23d, of Frederic and Catharine

Schmidt; bapt. June 3d; sponsors Anna Mary and Amos Schons.

Hartmann, Joseph, born Jan. 23d, of Jacob and Elizabeth Bettstein

Hartmann ; bapt. 24th ; sponsor Joseph Bird, youth.
Herbert, Stephen, born Apr. ist, of Henry and Susanna Herbert; bapt.

July 8th; sponsors Stephen John Wallach du Barck and Mary
Landelo, widow.

Staler, Mary, born June 20, of William arid Mary Staler; bapt. pth;

sponsor Mary Alsmannin.



8o AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Berernonville [Bouinonvillef], Francis Eugene, born 2ist, at New
York, of Francis and Henrietta Pouponne Terou Berernonville;

bapt. loth; sponsors Francis Breuil and Eugenia Liemans, widow
De Sevre. [Signatures:] Htte Pouponne, Fe [Femme?] Bouinon-
ville, Eugenie Liemans veuve de Sevre.

Jeard, Margaret Magdalen Josephine, born May ipth, 1798 (at 6 a. m.),
of Joseph Lazarus and Mary Eugenia Gaillard Jeard; bapt. nth;
sponsors Joseph Jeard [then some word blotted badly. F. X. R.]
and Mary Gaillard, widow.

Anton, Anthony, born Oct. 6th [1798?}, of Anthony and Charlotte

Garrle Anton; bapt. I4th; sponsors John Anton and Mary Pen-

nington.

Proban, Jacob Amand, born nth, at 10 o'clock a. m., of Peter and

Mary Elizabeth Diederichs Proban; bapt. i5th; sponsors Amand
Phister [Fitter?] and Elizabeth Schneider Lerchner.

Abrbeck, Joanna Mary, born ist, of Jacob and Mary Abrbeck; bapt.

August isth; sponsors Mary and Peter Regimenter.
Brushe [Bruehetf], Anthony, born Jan. i, 1798, of Joseph and Eliza-

beth Taylor Brushe ; bapt. i6th ; sponsors Anthony Bruschet [Bru-

ehetf] and Elizabeth Masse. [Signature:} A. Bruehet.

Meclair [McLearf], Sarah, born Dec. i6th [1798?], of Dennis and
Sarah Meclair; bapt. iQth; sponsors Lidie [Lydiaf] Beylle and
Oeil Lock.

Duneken-Meclare, James, born 7th, of Duneken Meclare [McLearf]
and Margaret Sinner, his wife ; bapt. 2Oth ; sponsor Mary Sinner.

Deminion, Margaret, born Aug. 29th, of John Baptist and Elizabeth

Deminion
; bapt. September 3d ; sponsor Margaret, wife of John

Baptist Bernard.

Daffert, Mary, born Aug. 28th, of Jacob and Elizabeth Daffert; bapt.

6th; sponsors Sophia and Michael Beckle.

Bleiht, Mary, born Aug. 3Oth, of Joseph and Anna Bleiht; bapt. 9th;

sponsor Mary Ribbos, widow.

Richardt, Peter Joseph, born 4th, of Adam and Mary Richardt; bapt.

i6th; sponsors [Rev.] Peter Helbron and Mary Dorothy Schar-

dius.

Langry, Samuel, born Mar. nth, of Benjamin and Frances Langry;
bapt. I7th; sponsors John Miller and Catharine Schoons.

Trummell [Trimbel?], Mary Anna, negro, eighteen years old, of Wil-

liam, non-Catholic, and Susanna Trummel; bapt. October 5th;

sponsors Mary Anna Dick, born in San Domingo.
Poth, George Charles, one year old, of Adam and Catharine Poth;

bapt. 15th; sponsors George Goestell and Apollonia Conrard,
widow.

Schoedt, John, born Nov. 2d, of Peter and Susanna Schoedt ; bapt. De-

cember gth ; sponsors Caspar Heily, widower, and Theresa Becker,

widow.



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 81

Honecker, Mary Anna Margaret, born Nov. 28th, of Joseph and Cath-

arine Honecker ; bapt. I3th ; sponsors Margaret and Peter Fihcett.

[NOTE. Following come two entries belonging to September that

in the Registers were recorded here.}

Richart, Caspar, born to-day of John and Elizabeth Richart; bapt. Sep-
tember 24th; sponsors Caspar Heily and Anna Demuth.

Civerlist, Anna, born , of Michael and Anna Civerlist
; bapt. Sep-

tember 26th
; sponsor Anna Jungs.

[NOTE. Here follows the December registrations.}

Quinn, Thomas, born 7th, of John and Anna Quinn, Roman Catholics,

who legally were living apart; bapt. December I4th; sponsors
Thomas and Catharine Gallagher.

Spurck, Anna Catharine, born Nov. 1st, of Peter and Mary Spurck;
bapt. 2Oth

; sponsors Catharine and Louis Hammer.
Staffen, Catharine, born Nov. 2d, of John and Catharine Staffen;

bapt. 2ist; sponsors Rudolph and his sister, Barbara Fiel.

Fiel, Elizabeth, born isth, of Rudolph and Catharine Fiel; bapt. 2ist;

sponsor Mary Jungs.

Divart, Salome, born Sept. iQth, of John and Joanna English Divart;

bapt. 24th; sponsors Mary Barry and Adam Oppermann.

Baptisms for the year 1798 (including 3 illegitimates and I pair of

twins), 56.

BAPTISMS FOR 1799.

[NOTE, With the following baptisms, which end with August 18,

OTPP.) doses the first -volume of the Registers at Holy Trinity

Church.]

Riffell, Mary Anna, nine years old, of Peter and Mary Moran Riffell ;

bapt. January, 1st; sponsors Anna Payen and John Mary Morron.

Hoffmann, George, born Dec. 9th, 1798, of George and Catharine Hoff-

mann, non-Catholic; bapt. 6th; sponsors John and Catharine

Baldy.

Fox, Catharine, born 25th [Dec. 1798?}, of Michael and Mary Fox;
bapt. 6th ; sponsors Catharine and Louis Hammer.

Dick, Henrietta, born Oct. 28th, 1798, of Anthony and Julia Dick, ne-

groes ; bapt. i4th ; sponsors Henry Victoir, negro, and Mary
Josephine, negro, sister of the child's mother.

Bousquet, Francis Augustine Emilian, born Aug. 5, 1798, of Francis

and Mary Genevieve Petray [Petrif] Bousquet ; bapt. I4th ; spon-
sors Francis Augustine Bousquet and Mary Anna Bantin Petray

[Petrif].

Guigue, Margaret, born June isth, 1797, of Augustine and Frances

Cousay Guigue; bapt. isth; sponsors Peter Gauvain and Mary
Anna Celeste Robin, wife of Kemp.

Lapierre, Frances, born May 23d, 1798, of Sophia Cousay and Louis

Lapierre; bapt. isth; sponsors same as Guigue.



82 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Gerson, Mary, born Oct. 23d, 1798, of Peter and Mary Gerson; bapt.

2Oth; sponsors Mary Despang and Jacob Scheffoir.

Syceari, John Joseph, born Nov. 2Oth, 1798, of John Joseph and
Theresa Syceari, negroes ; bapt. 2Oth ; sponsors Joseph Violett and
Anna Fansfoir, negroes.

Steel, Mary, born Dec. 13, 1798, of Anthony and Elizabeth Steel; bapt.

2Oth; sponsors Anna Gassing and Peter Gravenstine.

, Mary, born ist, of Jeremiah and Mary Caroline, negroes; bapt.

27th ; sponsors John Baptist Vieu and Mary Claudia Mollatteris.

Kuhn, Elizabeth^ born Jan. 4, of John and Joanna Kuhn; bapt. Feb-

ruary ist; sponsors Thomas Farmer and Margaret Graim.

Victour, John Laurence, seven months old, of John Laurence and

Magdalen Salty, mulattos ; bapt. 3d ; sponsors John Baptist Viau
and Anastasia Fouartt, mulattos.

Greland, John Henry, born Nov. 5th, 1798, of John and Mary Claudine

Despaigne Greland; bapt. 1st; sponsors John Henry Roberio and

Mary Rosa, sister of the child.

Polleng, Mary, born , of Peter Augustine and Mary Polleng,

negroes; bapt. 5th; sponsors Peter Alexander and Mary Viau,

negroes.

Caron, Peter Henry, born Dec. i, 1798, of Peter Nicholas and Rosa
Caron; bapt. 5th; sponsors Peter Dubosque and Mary Horn, wife

of Cony.
Schneider, Helen Catharine, born 6th, of Joseph and Barbara Schnei-

der; bapt. I7th; sponsors Catharine and Nicholas Essling [sic, but

Esling].

Rodrigues, Andrew Mary Vincent, born Nov. 30, 1798, of Andrew
Jacob and Mary Joanna D'Orlie Rodrigues ; bapt. igth ; sponsors

John Vincent Mary Robineau De Baugin [the signature reads " De
Bourjou "] and Mary Laura Carrer D'Orlie.

Haegue [Hague?], Mary Louisa Virginia, born Aug. 20, 1798, of Ger-

man and Adelaide Machard Hague; bapt. 2Oth; sponsors Louis

Peter Dallen and Mary Daumar.
Leseur, William Marian Adolphus, born Jan. igth, of William and

Rosalie Carrypain [ ?] Leseur ; bapt. loth ; sponsors John Nich-

olas Mary Alexander and Mary Margaret Sophia Claudier Dau-

triechy, married.

Clemang, Juliet, born Jan. 2d, of Jacob and Elizabeth Schors Clemang;
bapt. March 6th ; sponsors Agnes Barnett and Nicholas Marse.

Sottery, Eleanor Mary, twenty .years old, having made her profession
of Faith before baptism ; bapt. i6th, in the presence of her husband,

Benjamin Sottery.

Mannchin, John, born Feb. 20, of John and Barbara Mannchin; bapt.

:8th ; sponsors Thomas Eagin and Mary Forthen.

Loudovico [Judovico?], Mary Louisa, born Feb. 3Oth, of John and



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 83

Mary Loudovico, negroes; bapt. 3ist; sponsors Mary Ludovico
and Peter Elenard.

Witten, Margaret, born Jan. 6th, of Jacob and Gertrude Witten; bapt.

ist; sponsor Margaret Realy.

Bollowett, Louisa, born Jan. 23d, of Andrew and Barbara Bollowett;

bapt. ist; sponsor Sophia Lafseben, unmarried.

Nelson, Mary Louisa, eight months old, of and Adelaide Nelson,

negroes; bapt. April i4th; sponsors Mary Louisa Leongno [ ?]

and John Jack, negroes.

Riviere, John Andrew Alexander, born Feb. 5th, of John Peter and

Mary Margaret Courgibet 'Riviere ; bapt. 2Oth ; sponsors Andrew
Trousaint Gautier and Alexandra Constance Angot.

Mayers, Peter, born Mar. :8th, of George and Sophia Mayers ; bapt.

8th; sponsors Peter and Rachel Fiell.

Noel, Mary, one year old, of John and Mary Noel; bapt. 2ist; sponsors

John and Mary Ann Schell, negroes.

Pottwein, Elizabeth, born 7th, of Jacob and Mary Pottwein; bapt. 2ist;

sponsors Henry Ken and Anna Weyla.
Claude, Mary, six months old, of John and Elizabeth Claude; bapt.

2ist; sponsors Japet [?] Joseph and Mary Magdalen, negroes.

Bicknell, Catharine, born Mar. 22d, of Daniel and Anna Mary Bicknell ;

bapt. 28th; sponsors Peter and Mary Everly Bigard [Picardf].

[Signatures:] Mary Evlere [?], P. Picard.

O'Chalen, Robert, born Feb. 9th, of Henry and Mary O'Chalen; bapt.

June 24th; sponsors Philip Meguaien [McQueen f] and Mary
Regan.

Freel, Peter, born 28th, of Patrick and Mary Freel ; bapt. 2gth ; spon-

sor, Julius.

Farmer, Catharine Margaret, one year old, of Thomas and Margaret
Farmer; bapt. 4th; sponsor Mary Reily.

Detunne [Detune?], Louis, born Jan. 23d, 1798, of Francis and Mary
Joanna Revavain Detunne ; bapt. 2Oth

; sponsors Louis Brugniers,

youth, and Mary Julia Giorgion.

O'Brien, John Jacob, born June 8th, of John and Margaret Drisgels

[Driscollf} O'Brien; bapt. July 28th; sponsors John Jacob Wai-
ner and Mary Lady [Leddy?].

Donn [Dunn?], John, born July 26th, of Edward and Mary Hegen
[Haganf] Donn; bapt. August ist; sponsors John and Catharine

McDonnel Schmidt.

Guiyon [Guigonf], Mary Margaret, born June 27th, 1798, of John and

Mary Margaret Guiyon, negroes ; bapt :8th ; sponsors John Bap-
tist Designe and Mary Margaret, negroes.

[NOTE. With this ends the registrations of Baptisms in Vol. I

of the Registers at Holy Trinity.}

Baptisms for the first eight months of the year 1799, 40.


