Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS OF HOLY TRINITY
CHURCH, PHILADELPHIA,
FOR
TRANSCRIBED BY F. X. REUSS AND
EDITED BY V. REV. THOMAS C. MIDDLETON. D. D.,O.S. A.
BAPTISMS FOR 1793.
January.
Schorty, Mary Peschin, aged twenty-two, wife of Adam Schorty, bap-
tized Jan. i.
Wagener, Frances, born 4th, of Christopher and Mary Wagner ; bap-
tized 8th ; sponsors Frances "
Gynther," married.
[NOTE. In the record of Aug. i$th following this sponsor is recorded
as the wife of George Gijnther; but may be it should read Ginther.]
Hoffmann, Catharine, born Dec. 22, 1/92, of Caspar and Salome Hoff-
mann
; baptized loth ; sponsors Adam and his wife Catharine
Hoffmann.
Koch, Mary Elizabeth, born 7th, of Joseph and Mary Elizabeth Koch;
baptized I2th; sponsors Mary Elizabeth Joanna Lochler and
George her husband.
February.
Monnier, Martha, born Jan. 29, of Anthony Monnier and Martha Van
Manierck; baptized 1st; sponsors Peter Helbron and Catharine
Ellingshausen.
Jordar [Jordan f], Magdalen Louisa, born three days ago, of John
Joseph and Mary Jordar ; baptized loth ; sponsors Magdalen
Louis Nicole and her husband Louis.
Walter, John, born 7th, of Louis and Eva Walter; baptized loth ;
sponsors John Lochler and Christina Horn.
Dumoutett, Joanna, born Feb. 31 [sic, January ist ?], of John Baptist
and Elizabeth Theresa Dumoutett; baptized i7th; sponsors
Etienne [Stephen] Dumoutett and Joanna Sophia Coulon, single.
Schorty, Anna Mary, born loth, of Adam and Mary Schorty; bap-
tized iQth; sponsors Adam and Mary Dorothy Ritschart
[Richards f].
2 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
March.
Bockley, Adam, born Feb. 23, of Adam and Catharine Bockley; bap-
tized 3d; sponsor Francis Jung, married.
Megadet, Elizabeth, born Mar. 14, 1791, of Eusebius and Sarah
Megadet ; baptized 4th ; sponsor Elizabeth Decheim, widow.
Abt, Charles Anthony, eleven days old, born of George and Catharine
Abt; baptized 5th; sponsors Anthony and Catharine Heim.
Libee, Anthony, born i6th, of Anthony and Margaret Libee; baptized
I7th; sponsors Valentine Anthony and Clara Scherling, married.
Kremer, Catharine Mary, born 27th, of John and Margaret Kremer;
baptized 2Qth ; sponsors Catharine and Bernard Schoffler.
[NOTE. In a marginal note it is recorded that Bernard Kremer,
brother of Catharine, was born January 7, 1796; and baptized on the
roth of the same month and year. F. X. R.]
April.
Speed, John, born Mar. 23, of John and Joanna Speed; baptized ist;
sponsors John and Elizabeth Wather [Walther ?].
Handel, John, three weeks old, born of John and Christina Handel;
baptized 7th ; sponsors John and Elizabeth Schrauk.
Lochler, Elizabeth Catharine, born nth, of George and Elizabeth
Lochler ; baptized i4th ; sponsors Catharine Horn, single, and
George Bordow, youth.
Siegfried, Mary Catharine, born Feb. Qth, of Joseph and Barbara
Siegfried; baptized in Reading, [Pa.,] Apr. 28th; sponsors
Daniel and Mary Koble.
Oth, Salome, born Feb. loth, of Adam and Catharine Oth; baptized
in Reading, Apr. 28th
; sponsors Catharine and Sebastian Geyer.
Miiller, Margaret, six months old, of Christian and Eva Miiller; bap-
tized in Reading, Apr. 3Oth; sponsors Margaret Heungodt [?]
single and George Lochler.
Earthen, Anthony, born Dec. i, of Thomas and Elizabeth Barthen;
baptized in Reading, Apr. 30th; sponsors Anthony and Catharine
Heim.
June.
Meyer, Elizabeth, born Dec. 30, 1791, of Peter and Barbara Meyer;
baptized 9th; sponsors Elizabeth and Philip Kneill.
Richie [or Brehie ?], Charles Julian, two years old, of unknown par-
ents; baptized 30th; sponsor Anthony Joseph Jeckel.
Richie [Brehie?], Charlotte, nine months old, of unknown parents;
baptized 3Oth ; sponsors Anthony and Mary Jeckel.
July.
Wallnut, Jerome, born about one year ago, of Jerome and Mary
Wallnut ; baptized 2d ; sponsors the father and mother.
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 3
Buschie, Lazarus, born this same day, of Martial and Justina Clemen-
tina Buschie; baptized 4th; sponsors Lazarus Calliout and Isa-
bella Mesrie, married.
Carbohnet, Theresa, five months old, of Joseph Carbohnet and Theresa
Chevrier, his wife; baptized iQth; sponsors John Francis Car-
hohnett [sic.] and Magdalen Gayart, all the persons French.-
, John Louis, negro, twelve years old, of-; baptized
sponsors John Baptist Coppe and Charlotte Kaiser.
Lenning [Senning ?}, Mary Catharine, one year old, born of Joseph
and Salome Lenning, non-Catholic ; baptized 2ist; sponsors
Catharine Threin, single, and Peter Bernard.
Aahler [Tahler ?}, Charles Anthony, born 7th, of William and Anna
Mary Aahler; baptized 28th; sponsors Anthony and Catharine
Heim.
August.
Jung, Catharine, eight days old, born of John and Catharine Jung,
non-Catholic; baptized 4th; sponsor Catharine Threin.
Fox, Catharine, born July 26, of Adam and Margaret Fox; baptized
nth; sponsors Catharine Threin, single, and Peter Seiffert, youth.
Gijnther [Ginther ?], Mary Magdalen, born 2nd, of George and
Frances Gijnther; baptized I5th; sponsors Catherine and her
husband John Wagner.
Warifild, [or Narifild ?], Mary, born 6th, of John and Catharine Wari-
fild ; baptized i8th ; sponsors Mary and her husband John George
Joekel.
Steinert, George Nicholas, nine days old, born of Nicholas and Mary
Steinert, non-Catholic; baptized 27th; sponsors George Nicholas
Jacob and Mary his wife, Catholics.
September.
Nehler, Mary Clara, born three years ago, of Nicholas and Martha
Nehler ; baptized 12th ; sponsors Mary Clara and Valentine
Schorling.
Riippel, John, born three days ago of Adam and Catharine Riippel ;
baptized 15th; sponsors Philip and Elizabeth Kneil [Neill ?].
Baur [Bauer f], Mary Helena, eight days old, born of Henry and
Catharine Baur; baptized 8th; sponsors Helen and her husband
Francis Zelin.
Sebastiano [sic, Sebastian ?], Apollonia, aged twenty years, wife of
Charles Sebastian. [No dates given. For this name "
Sebastian ",
see note for February qth of last year. And for Charles and
Apollonia, the entry for November n, 1792. T. C. M.]
de Grangre, Joanna Margaret, born-,
of Jacques de Grangre and
Margaret Orsie, his wife; baptized 15th; sponsors Joseph
leprevost and Joanna Adelaide Bodelit.
4 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Carton, John, of no religion, when on his dying bed was baptized
along with his eldest son Elias, and daughter named Ruth, all
baptized on the 2Oth.
October.
Baulden [Baldwin ?], Mary Elizabeth, born Aug. i6th, of John and
Catharine Baulden ; baptized 27th ; sponsors Elizabeth Opfer-
mann, single, and John Gynther, youth.
Castilii, John, born 23d, of Paul Castilii and Julia, his wife; baptized
2pth ; sponsors Nicholas Reeb, Lutheran, and Anna Clara, single.
Corniss [Corriss ?], John, born Aug. 4th, of William Corniss and
Catharine Herzog, his wife ; baptized 3ist ; sponsors John Herzog,
youth, and Elizabeth Tiedrich, single.
November.
Bee, Susanna Magdalen, born , of William and Catharine Bee;
baptized 8th; sponsors Magdalen Jungs and D. Laurence
" Phaelen "
; [sic, ought to be Phelan. This was Rev. Laurence
Phelan, an English-speaking missionary, assistant at Holy Trinity.
The " D." in the text is an abbreviation from the Latin
Dominus, otherwise
" Mister ", the common form in use in earlier
days in Great Britain, Ireland, in all English colonies, and the
U. S. as applied to clergymen. This form of address used also
for Catholic priests, was an unpleasant reminder of their former
quasi-servile rank in society, a memento too of penal times in
those countries, where Catholic prelates, priests, nuns, had perforce
to mask their religious belief, go disguised as lay persons, in order
to save their property, homes and lives; a sorrowful era wherein
cloistered women, nuns and sisters were addressed commonly,
at least in public, as
"
Missis," a title, I notice, that is still given
to them in English and Irish church directories, that however with
propriety might safely be dropped now.]
Nagel, William, one year old, born of Nicholas and Magdalen Nagel;
baptized loth
; sponsors Balthazar and Barbara Kneyl, married.
Maison, Catharine, born 3d, of John and Mary Josephine Maison;
baptized 24th ; sponsors Catharine Oellers, married, and John
Peter Blanschart, widower.
Hartmann, Jacob, six days old, born of Jacob and Barbara Hartmann ;
baptized nth; sponsors Jacob and Barbara Hartmann.
Martin, Mariana, born
, of John Francis, and Eulalie Martin ;
baptized i2th ; sponsors John Francis la Grerehe [or Perche] and
Mariana [name undecipherable; baptised by
" D. Ghabor ", it
seems; but who he was, if priest, I am unable to guess; yet it is
as likely as not that the name is meant for Phaelen, as Fr. Helbron
usually wrote it; but which rightly should be Phelan. T. C. M.]
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 5
Schyrehiny, Mary Magdalen, born Nov. 23d, of Jacob and Mary Mag-
dalen Schyrehiny; sponsors Mary Mary [sic] Henengo, single,
and Laurence Sauerwald, youth.
Spurck, Peter, born on the 28th [sic, October maybe ?], of Peter
and Mary Spurck; baptized 22d; sponsors Philip Rod through his
proxy [Rev.] Peter Helbron and Dorothy Phasin, married.
Sebastian, Charles, born 2ist, of Joseph and Elizabeth Sebastian; bap-
tized 23d; sponsors Charles and Apollonia Sebastian.
[NOTE. In the record the first syllable of
"
Sebastian
" has been
crossed out leaving the family name Bastian. F. X. R.]
December.
Horn, Helen Barbara, born yesterday of Henry [apparently now de-
ceased of a contagious disease; might this disease not have been
the yellow fever, wjiich was ravaging Philadelphia at the time ? ]
and Christina Horn ; baptized 27th ; sponsors Barbara and Joseph
Schneider.
Bauer, Jacob, born Mar. i8th, of Francis, dead, and Elizabeth Bauer ;
baptized 29th; sponsors Jacob and Margaret Schmidt.
Baptisms for the year 1793, 57.
BAPTISMS FOR 1794.
January.
Opfermann, George, born Dec. 20, 1793, of Adam and Elizabeth
Opfermann ; baptized 2nd ; sponsors George and Frances Gynther.
Kryper, Elizabeth, born Dec. 8, 1793, of Conrad and Joanna Kryper;
baptized i2th
; sponsors Christian and Elizabeth Schumacher.
Graehm, Mary Margaret, about nine years ago, born of Joseph and
Clara Graehm; baptized I9th; sponsors Mary Absman, single,
and Louis Hammer, married.
February.
Berrer [Berren f], Elizabeth, born Jan. 20, of Jacob and Barbara
Berrer
; baptized 2nd ; sponsors Elizabeth Foelbry and Setyharo
[?] Matin.
Abbricht, John Christian, born Jan. 29, of August and Mary Abbricht ;
baptized 2nd ; sponsors John Christian and Anna Clemner.
Schmidt, Mary, born , of John and Anna Schmidt ; baptized 2nd ;
sponsors Anna Cotty, single and John Louis ; baptized by Fr.
Phelan.
Shaeften [Jaesten f], Magdalen, born Jan. 25, of John and Catharine
Shaeften; baptized 9th; sponsors Magdalen Jung, single, and
Joseph Phiel, youth.
Reichert, Salome, born 6th, of John and Barbara Reichert; baptized
nth; sponsors Salome and Jacob Lansingers.
6 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Worbeck, Barbara Elizabeth, born Jan. 3ist, of Jacob and Mary Wor-
beck ; baptized I3th ; sponsors Elizabeth and John Wathers.
Schumacher, John Christian, born 2nd, of Christian and Elizabeth
Schumacher; baptized 23d; sponsors John Christian and Anna
Mary Schumacher.
March.
Winckel, Jacob Edward, born Feb. 22d, of John Anthony and Rebecca
Winckel; baptized 3d; sponsors Jacob Winckel, youth, and Mary
Mehlony [Malony f] widow.
Houy [Houg ?], Anthony, born Feb. 24, of George, deceased, and
Mary Houy ; baptized 9th ; sponsors Anthony and Mary Houy.
Vanirot, Stephen, born , of Ambrose Vanirot and Mary, his wife;
baptized 15th; sponsors Stephen and Susanna Simmonet.
Benner, Henry, born Jan. 1st, of Peter and Salome Benner; baptized
i6th; sponsors George and Elizabeth Lochler.
Martin, Theresa, born two months ago, of D. Martin, French, and
Mary [illegible} ; baptized 20th ; sponsors Mary Theresa Babyl-
lon and John Francis Lambersch.
Dupuy, John Francis, born , of Stephen and Anna Frances
Dupuy; baptized 24th; sponsors John Francis Lerson and Ade-
laide Guibert.
March.
, Mary Catharine, negress, about eighteen years old; baptized
25th ; sponsors John Houberd and Mary Catharine Vaonier,
widow.
Sitee [Fitee f] Elizabeth, one year old, born of Ernest and Christina
Sitee; baptized 28th; sponsors Elizabeth Schneider and William
Schyin.
Impry, Richard, born , of Barnabas and Mary Impry; baptized
loth; sponsors Richard Dempsey and Abigail Conne.
Kneil, Christina, born gth, of Philip and Elizabeth Kneil; baptized
I3th; sponsors Barbara and Balthazar Kneil.
Chaudron, Peter Edward, born two years ago of Simon and Helen
Chaudron; baptized I3th; sponsors John Stollenwerck ; baptized
by Peter Helbron; witnesses Peter Stollenwerck and Charlotte
Sophia Stollenwerck.
, John, two years old, negro, of Pauline, from the Island of
San Domingo; baptized I3th.
Compos, Catharine, one month old, of Peter and Catharine Compos;
baptized I4th ; sponsors Catharine and Lothaire Sixen.
May.
Hoffman, Salome, born April i7th, of Caspar and Salome (Ridesheim)
Hoffman; baptized 3d; sponsors Catharine Ridesheim, widow,
and Sebastian Hoffmann, married.
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 7
Fischr [or Fisster ?], Joseph, born , of Martin and Mary
(Schmidt) Fischr; baptized Apr. 8; sponsors Amandus Fisster
[sic] youth, and Mary Reis, single.
Wilhelm, Henry and Margaret, twins, born , of William and
Mary Anna Schmidt; baptized roth; sponsors Adam and Mar-
garet Premier.
Car, Louis John Baptist Anthony Michael Felix, born Dec. 31, 1793,
of Louis Anthony Car, deceased, procurator in the seneschallate
"
senescallatu
" of Cap Frangois, [of San Domingo, a city that
no longer exists}, and Madam " Domina" Mary Lucille Fortunee
Lapeyre. Baptized May 21, 1794, in Philadelphia [by Laurence
Peter Phelan]; sponsors Mr. ["Dominus"] Louis John Baptist
Besson, procurator of the said seneschallate, and Sophia Margaret
Bergua, wife of Mr. "Domini" Crispin [Bergue,] apothecary
in the City of Philadelphia.
[Signatures:]
Besson, LL.D. "
Laur. Petr. Phelan "
Felix Castillon Bergue Crespin
J. Debrera.
[NOTE. The signature of the priest who officiated at the baptism in
the preceding entry shows that his middle name was "
Peter "
his full
name as he himself wrote it being
" Laurence Peter Phelan."]
Firman, Sophia, born 4th, of John and Elizabeth Firman; baptized
2ist ; sponsors Anna Catharine Houy, widow, and Joseph Grignar,
married.
Legeur [Legere ?], Mary Rose, born , of [names not readable],
French ; baptized 25th ; sponsors Mary Rose Wosleschoen and
John Fischer.
Fiel, Catharine, born 22d, of Rudolph and Catharine Fiel ; baptized
27th ; sponsors Catharine and Francis Jung.
June.
Goulbet, Abraham, three months old, born of Abraham and Catharine
Goulbet, Presbyterian negroes; baptized I3th.
Maurel, Bernard Majol, born one month ago, of Bernard Majol Maurel
and Mary Vieloar, his wife, French ; baptized i4th ; sponsors
Bernard Leglise and Margaret Clauvel> single.
Miiller, John, born loth, of Fidelis and Mary Magdalen Muller; bap-
tized 22d; sponsors John and Elizabeth Bretter.
Oilier, Mary Elizabeth, three months old, born of John and Elizabeth
(Bertrand) Oilier; baptized 23d; sponsors Peter and Elizabeth
(Guyon) Bertrand.
[Signed:]
" Helbron."
Guyon Bertrand Boitrand.
E. Bollie. J. Oilier.
8 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Still, Frances Catharine, born May 28th, of John Baptist Francis and
Juliana Elizabeth Still; baptized 24th; sponsors Peter Felix
Houssoid, Frances Rune, [Rounne f].
[Signatures:]
Fransoiese [sic] Houssoin. Rounne.
Benner, Catharine, born loth, of Henry and Mary Benner; baptized
2Qth ; sponsors Catharine Becker, married, and Peter Benner.
July.
Kaiffer [Kaisser f], Anna Mary, born three weeks ago, of Martin
and Anna Mary Kaiffer; baptized i3th; sponsors Anna Mary
and Anthony Houy.
Lenglin, Catharine, born Jan. I3th, of Benjamin and Frances Lenglin;
baptized :8th, during an illness of the child; sponsors the par-
ents, in default of any one else.
Christmann, Peter, born May ist, of Jacob and Elizabeth Christmann;
baptized 2oth; sponsors Peter Regimenter, youth, and Catharine
Dreyn, single.
Wegerpauer, Elizabeth, ten months old, of Paul and Elizabeth Weger-
pauer; baptized 28th; sponsors Barbara and Balthazar Kneils.
D'Abadie, Meletia [Melcha ?], born , of John and Elizabeth
(Watson) D'Abadie; baptized 28th; sponsors Chailhon and
Melcha Andre, married.
Shyer [?], David and Joseph [twins f], born , of George Shyer
(?) and Mary Wilhelms. Peter and Mary Schaedlet; baptized
3Oth, by Laurence " Phaler ", [sic, but Phelan] ; sponsors of David,
Peter and Mary Schaedlet ; of Joseph, Charles Baumann and
Sarah, his wife.
[NOTE. The first entry of
"
Peter and Mary Schaedlet
"
is not
explainable. T. C. M.]
August.
Schoons, Salome, born June gth, of Schoons and Mary, his
wife; baptized ist; sponsors Catharine and Jacob Moltzberger.
Besselievre, Francis, born June i4th, of [names of parents not de-
cipherable] ; baptized 3d ; sponsors Joseph, married, and Eva
Frickertt, single.
Kiffre Relain, Mary Antoinette Charlotte, born June 26th, of Peter
Kieffer Relain ( ?) and Mary Frances Petit, his wife ; baptized :6th ;
sponsors Mary Antoinette Sophia Laforgue, married, and Peter
Stephen Du Ponceau.
[Signatures:] Peter Kiffre Relain.
Lafargue. Peter S. Du Ponceau.
Platz, Mary, born at sea, Aug. 2d, 1794, of Peter and Barbara Platz,
Germans ; baptized 24th ; sponsors Mary Boin, single, and
Remigius Pirllia.
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 9
Hubert, Mary and Susanna Catharine, twins, born Aug. I2th, of
Anthony and Mary Hubert ; baptized 26th ; sponsors Adam and
Catharine Susanna Lochler.
Hiether, Laurence, born loth, of Thomas and Catharine Hiether;
baptized 3ist; sponsors Laurence Schiny, widower, and Catharine,
widow.
Huguenu, Louise, [in the Register
" Ludovica "], born Oct. 18, 1793,
lawful child of Ludovic Huguenu, inhabitant of Prinstown
[ Grinstown f] ; baptized 3ist; sponsors Rosina Louisa Goirson
and Andrew Celeorn, French, formerly residents in the Island of
San Domingo.
[NoiE. The name of the priest as recorded by Fr. Helbron is as
follows:
"
B. A. D. Phalen " which however should be Phelan. What
the three letters
"
B. A. D." signify might be a puzzle for cryptologists.
The " D." likely stands for Dominus, i. e., Mister. T. C. M.]
Kessler, Joseph Philip Leclere, born Aug. 16, 1793, of Joseph George
Leclere and Elizabeth Kessler; baptized 3ist; sponsors John
Baptist Joseph Philip Anthony and Elizabeth Martin, French,
formerly residents in San Domingo. B. A. D. Phalin [sic.]
Sigoigne, Peter Augustus, born , of Peter Augustine and Anna
Mary Condemine Sigoigne, inhabitants of the Island of San
Domingo; baptized 3ist; sponsors Jacob Aubert and Mary
Bernardine Condemine, French, formerly residents in San
Domingo.
[Signed:]
" Peter Helbron."
September.
Demarie, Andrew, born June 28th, of John and Mary Rie Demaire
[but the signature reads
" Demarie "] ; baptized i8th
; sponsors
Andrew Seguin, youth, and Elizabeth Rie, single.
[Signatures:]
Adre Seguin. F. S. Demarie.
G. Demarie. Helbron.
Elizabet [Rie].
[NOTE. Crowded in at the top of the page is the following:]
Maze [two words untranslateable], Mary Ann, born -
,
of John
Maze, born at Nantes [in the text
"
Naneti," in France,] and his
wife, Elizabeth Fourage, of Philadelphia; baptized Sept. igth :
sponsors Tobias Fourage, brother of Elizabeth Fourage Maze,
and Mary Anna Manerfield, mother of Elizabeth. [Baptised] by
me William Elling, at the time missionary at St. Mary's, [church
near by Holy Trinity.]
[NOTE. In the foregoing record is the first mention of Fr. William
Elling as having officiated at Holy Trinity. The part played by this
io AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
missionary in the schismatic troubles at the above church from 1796
to 1802 has been told in these RECORDS (for 1905), xvi. 54, to which
the reader is referred. From the Bapt. Registers of 1802, it appears
that Fr. Elling baptized Mary Ann Maze, on "
Sept. 19, 1794."
T. C. M.]
, Augustine, August loth, of unknown parents ; baptized igth ;
sponsors Augustine and Angelica Courroy.
October.
Flemming, Mary, born Oct. 19, 1793, of Jacob and Sarah Mielle
Flemming; baptized 1st; sponsors John Haugardt and Mary
Faere.
Folk, Mary Elizabeth, born Sept. 17, of Peter and Mary Folk; bap-
tized igth; sponsors Mary Altzmann and Timothy Lillerz [or
Cellers ?].
Millot, Louis, born May 4th, of Louis Emard Millot and Theresa
Dubreuil, natives of the Island of [name indecipherable] ; bap-
tized 22d
; sponsors Louis Osmont and Rosa Lafitte, widow.
[Signatures:] Lamy. E. Millot. Louis Osmont.
St. Martin, Joseph Maria, born , of Anthony Maria and Eliza-
beth Henrica Autruisseau St. Martin, of Cap Frangois; sponsors
Joseph Grieard, of Cap Francois, and Mary La Care, wife of
D Grellete.
[Signed:]
"
Bapt. R. D. Pharlen," [sic, another misnomer for
Phelan, which occurs also in the two following entries. The let-
ters
"
R. D." are presumably abbreviations of the Latin " Reveren-
dus Dominus ", = Rev. Mr. Pharlen.]
November.
, Mary Magdalen, three years old negress of unknown parents;
baptized 9th, by the same.
Wiederberg, Nicholas, aged six months and over, born of Nicholas and
Eleanor Scharzin Wiederberg; baptized roth, by the same; spon-
sors the parents of the child.
Barthelemy, Frances Elizabeth, born Aug. 3ist, of John Baptist and
Frances La Garde Barthelemy; baptized 10th; sponsors John
Augustine La Gauterie [sic, but
"
Gauttrie
"
in the signature] and
Mary Elizabeth La Garde. In testimony whereof
[Signed by:] Peter Helbron.
elisabete lagarde. Goullier La Gauttrie.
Lus, Margare, born I3th, of J. Jacob and Judith Lus ; baptized i6th ;
sponsors Margaret and Adam Premers.
Batches, Peter, six weeks old, born of Michael and Sala [Sarah f]
Batches; baptized I7th; sponsors Barbara Oelhler and Caspar
Heyl in place of Michael Kuhn.
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. n
Walter, Adam, born 2ist, of Louis and Eva Walter ; baptized 23d ;
sponsors Adam and Margaret Premer.
[NOTE. Following is a record in the main indecipherable. As far
as o.ne may gather it states that Eugenia Mary Frances, daughter of
sponsors Jacob Barteral and Mary Bernardine Condemine.
Baptism by Fr. Phelan.]
, Mary, born of unknown parents ; baptized 25th, by the same ;
sponsors Jacob Barteral and Mary Bernardine Condemine, wife
of De Sussan.
-, John Jacob, born , of and Mary Mallate ; baptized
the 25th, by Fr. Phelan.
December.
de Lineau, Claudia, born , of Honore and Mary de Lineau, all
French, from Orleans ; baptized 6th ; sponsors Claudia Laschalt
and Jacob Clemeng, French.
, Lucille Angelica, negress; baptized nth, by Fr. Phelan.
Schmidt, Jacob, born , of Jacob and Margaret Schmidt; baptized
2ist, by Fr. Phelan; sponsors Peter and Margaret Meyer.
Meyer, Margaret, born , of Peter and Margaret Gollad Meyer;
baptized 2ist, by Fr. Phelan; sponsors Jacob and Margaret
Schmidt.
Godefroy, John Baptist, born , of Paul Godefroy and Catharine
Bassel, his wife baptized 2ist; sponsors John Baptist Godfrey
[sic, Godefroy ?].
Baptisms for the year 1794 (including 2 illegitimates), 77.
BAPTISMS FOR 1795.
January.
Borneille, Joanna Frances Mary, born Dec. 10, 1794, of John Baptist
and Mary Rose La Grande de Belive [?] Borneille; baptized ist,
by P. Helbron ; sponsors John Baptist de Rorroy [sic,] and Mary
Dauze.
[Signatures:]
Marie Dosse [sic,]. J. Borneille, Jr.,
"
jeune".
De Touroy [?]. Savoy.
J. Honnoraty. Proueres.
[NoiE. On the margin of the Register opposite the above record
written in another's hand is this correction in Latin: "That the child
baptized
'
Joanna Frances Mary
' was not a girl, but a boy, whose
name (in French) being presented by the sponsors, or parents, to
Fr. Helbron, who was a German, sounded (mistakenly however) to
his ears as feminine names. T. C. M.]
Burriat [Buriat ?]> Catharine Charlotte, fourteen months old, of Jacob
12 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Philip and Adelheid Laurereux Burriat ; baptized 3d, by the same ;
sponsors Charles Francis Bavoutz and Charlotte Catharine St.
Victor, French by birth.
[Signatures:]
Ch68 F. Bavous. adelaide.
Chariot Ste Victor. Durochon.
Buriat. Guizaro.
Sebastian, Catharine, born Dec. 18, 1794, of Charles and Apollonia
Sebastian; baptized 5th; sponsors Catharine Anna Bergs, widow,
and William Sebastian, married.
Reiiter, John, born Dec. 26, 1794, of George and Catharine Reiiter;
baptized 4th; sponsors John and Elizabeth Pretter.
Grebell, Mary, born 4th, of Mathias, and Mary Schweit Kaiser Grebell;
baptized nth; sponsors Catharine Bauer, widow, and Abraham
Rohrer.
Cocheren [Cochran f], William, six years old, born of Robert and
Regina Cocheren, Methodists; baptized I9th.
Cocheren, Mary, born 8th, of same parents; baptized same time.
Imbert, Antoinette Charlotte, two months old, born of and
Frances Susanna Imbert; baptized 23d; sponsors Catharine Char-
lotte St. Victor and John Anthony Du-roche.
[NOTE. A few entries above the woman sponsors' name appears as
"
Charlotte Catharine
"
; moreover the man's -family name as sub-
scribed to the record by himself reads
"
Durocher," not
" Du-roche."
T. C. M.]
Marx, Joanna Catharine, born 25th, of Adolph and Catharine Marx;
baptized 27th ; sponsors Mary Cannel, married, of the
"
Ecclesia
Anglicana ", [i. e., Church of England, and John Hochner, youth].
February.
Steffen, Peter, born Jan. 23d, of John and Catharine Steffen; baptized
ist; sponsors Peter Remande, youth, and Magdalen Jungs, single.
Balwin [Baldwin f], Catharine Sarah, born Sept. 14, 1794 [?], of
John and Catharine Balwin; baptized 2; sponsors Catharine and
Caspar Hoffman.
Fox, George Laurence, born , of Michael and Margaret Fox;
baptized ist, by Fr. Phelan; sponsors George and Catharine
Braun.
Baumans, Catharine, born , of Charles and Catharine Will
Baumans; baptized 22d, by above; sponsors George and Cath-
arine Abt.
March.
Abt, Rosina, born Feb. :8th, of Henry and Dorothy Abt; baptized ist;
sponsors Catharine and George Abt.
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 13
Lewis [or. Louis ?], John, born Feb. i8th, of George, Lutheran, and
Eleanor Lewis, Catholic; baptized 2d; sponsors John Wather,
married, and Mary Theiser.
Seering, Peter John, born i2th, of Nicholas and Eva Seering; bap-
tized I5th; sponsors [Rev.] Peter Helbron and Magdalen Lud-
wigs, widow.
Ridesheim, Adam, born Feb. 12, of Anthony and Elizabeth Ridesheim ;
baptized iSth ; sponsors Adam and Catharine Hoffmann.
Fetters, Anthony, born Feb. 6th, of Jacob and Catharine Fetters ;
baptized i8th
; sponsors Anthony and Elizabeth Ridesheim.
Morfey [Murphy ?], Henrietta, born , of John and Mary Corry
Morfey; baptized I7th, by Fr. Phelan; sponsors Jacob Caly and
Bridget Carry.
Boissier, John Nicholas, born Dec. 27, 1794, of John and Mary Cath-
arine Doupet [or Dousset] Boissier, born in France, residents of
Cap Frangois in San Domingo ; baptized 25th ; sponsors John
Nicholas Momoro, French, and Joanna Louisa Brissier, native of
Cap Frangois in San Domingo.
Lybeck, Mary Clara, born
, of Anthony and Margaret Lybeck;
baptized 26th; sponsors Mary Clara and Valentine Scharling.
April.
Ratzsileux, Margaret Celestine, born Feb. 2d, of Anthony and Mary
Grana Ratzsillix [sic] ; baptized 6th ; sponsors Margaret Isnaar.
. married, [and] Marveveau, single. [In the record this name is
doubtless through error written
"
Marvous."]
[Signatures:] Moyau.
Victoire Ratzsilleux. Nicolas Marveveau.
Marie grannon. Caron.
Perrein. Piquet.
Costari, Henry Benjamin, born Jan. 3d, of Dr. Paul Valentine and
Mary Josephine Labarriere Costari ; baptized 7th ; sponsors
Benjamin Prouveur and Henrietta Fabre, French.
Reisser, Sarah, born
, of Martin and Catharine Amman Reisser ;
baptized 8th, by Fr. Phelan
; sponsors Martin Reisser, widower,
and Mary Premer, widow.
Wilson, Joseph, born Mar. iQth, of Joseph and Mary Wilson ; bap-
tized i7th; sponsors Jacob and Barbara Hartmann.
Crosyhie [but Grousiltia], Charles Francis, born in San Domingo, of
Charles and Mary Catharine Toipell Crosyhie ; baptized 22d ;
sponsors Francis Schallott and Catharine Plusinasche of a West
India Island.
NOTE. "
Grousiltia
"
is probably the correct name as thus the father
signs it.F. X. R.[
Lochler, George Gabriel, born i7th, of George and Elizabeth Lochler;
14 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
baptized 23d; sponsors Felice Francis Imbeer, French, and Mary
Horns, single.
Adeler, Joseph Louis, born 23d, of Paul Hubert and Mary Adeler,
natives of the diocese of Noas [or Noar], Italy; baptized 26th;
sponsors Joseph Peverelli and Henrietta Sch[w ?]yler, single.
NOTE. The name of the diocese (as in the text) is not Italian.
But what it may be, I cannot venture even to guess. T. C. M.[
Hocey [Hong f], Mary Catharine, born i6th, of Anthony and Anna
Mary Hocey [?]; baptized 26th; sponsors Mary Catharine
Demuths, single, and William Schneider, married.
Ambroas, Mary Elizabeth, born Mar. ist, of Michael and Agnes
Warrigns Ambroas ; baptized 2Qth ; sponsors Mary Elizabeth
Diedrichs and Peter Grobau.
Harris, Joanna, [was she white, -or colored ? the sponsors are recorded
as negroes], born , of John and Grace Harris; baptized
3Oth, by Fr.' Phelan ; sponsors Peter Levegue and Mary Louisa,
negroes.
May.
Schmidt, Sarah, born , of Adam and Anna Heiret Schmidt; bap-
tized 2d, by Fr. Phelan ; sponsors Olive [ ?] Ray and Mary Jung.
Losar, Catharine, born ist, of John Peter and Catharine (Wendling)
Losar ; baptized loth ; sponsors Catharine and David Frederick
Gierard.
Leclare, Augustina, born Oct nth, of Joseph Gorgorii and Elizabeth
Leclare; baptized I4th; sponsors Bernard Maney [and] Augus-
tina Margaret Antoine.
[Signatures:]
B. Maney. Duguet.
Poirson. Elisa Leclerc.
Antoine. Margaret Augustine Antoine.
Monaehen [Monahan ?], Susanna, born Mar. 4th, of James and Cath-
arine Leyen Monaehen ; baptized I7th ; sponsors Margaret
Miesbradel [?], married, and Nicholas May, married.
Chatard, Augier Mary, born May 1st, of Louis Peter, born in Paris,
and Genevieve Batramie Thuret Chatard, born in
"
Sell," in the
Island of
"
Hispaniola," (now San Domingo) ; baptized 27th, by
Fr. Helbron ; sponsors Augier Mary Lelemboure and Margaret
Frances Driau, wife of D. Theuret.
[Signatures:]
Chatard, Senior,
"
ain ".
D. Theuret. Bartramie Thuret.
A. M. Deremboure. Chatard.
Theuret. A trigaut.
Godefroy, John, born Mar. 26th, of John Baptist Michael of San
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 15
Domingo and Mary Bessila Godefroy, born in Bordeaux, [in
France] ; baptized 27th ; sponsors John Martin Dupon and
Catharine Bessile.
[Signatures:]
]. M. Dupon.
Jn. Bte
. Michel Godefroy. Marie B. Godefroy.
Chaterine [sic,] B. Godefroy. Godefroy Jne [t. e. junior].
Midgilligen [McGilligan ?], James, two years old, born of James and
Mary Telle Midgilligen ; baptized 29th ; sponsors John and Cath-
arine Skien [Skeen ?], of Ireland.
Branger, Louisa, born 24th, of William and Catharine Branger; bap-
tized 3ist; sponsors Louisa Hennegall, single, and George Gynther,
youth.
Batillot, John Baptist, born , of Peter Marie and Mary Martha
Mangin Batillot; baptized 3ist, by Fr. Phelan; sponsors John
Baptist Lagrange and Eloise Batillot.
June.
Detune, Francis Lazarus, born May 16, 1793, of Francis and Joanna
Revarin Detune ; baptized 6th ; sponsors Francis Lazarus Caillou
and Mary Justina Clementine Bushes.
Bushes [Busches ?], John Lazarus, born , of John and Mary
Justina Clementine Bushes
; baptized 6th ; sponsors Lazarus Callis
[sic, but not Caillou as above ?} and Mary Justina Clementine
Caillou.
Caillou, Mary Rosa, born Jan. 25th, of Lazarus and Isabella Merzie
Caillou; baptized 6th; sponsors Marcelle [but should be Marcial
as in signature] Busches and Mary Justina Clementine Caillou.
[Siffitatures :]
Marcial Busches [sic]. Frangois Detune.
Rigault, Louis Julian, born 4th, 1794, negro, of David Francis Hilary
and Mary Frances, negroes ; baptized i8th, by Fr. Phelan ; spon-
sors Louis Julian and Angelica Olivier.
Porter, Alexander, aged about twenty years, of John and Mary Eliza-
beth Porter; baptized 2ist, by the same; sponsors Michael Fox
and Catharine Wagner.
Vautier, John Baptist, born , of Dominic and Mary Deluitre
Vautier; baptized 22d, by the same; sponsors [blank].
, Frances, born , of unknown parents ; baptized 28th, by
the same; sponsors John Louis Testart and Frances Goupigny.
Georgie, Louis Israel, born Sept. 12, 1793, of Joseph and Anna Barbara
Georgie ; baptized 27th ; sponsors Louis Hammer and Eva Heins,
[his wife ?].
July.
Greem [In entry fan. 19, 1794,
" Graehm "], Mary Elizabeth, born
1 6 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
about June 15, 1793, of Joseph and Clara Greem, non-Catholics ;
baptized 9th; sponsors, [blank].
Dinot, Mary, born , of Charles and Mary Mershaud Dinot; bap-
tized I3th; sponsors Bartholomew Barbie and Mary Joanna
Bevarin.
Fister [but Pfister], Catharine, born , of Amand and Catharine
Fister ; baptized 9th ; sponsors Michael Schyndler and Catharine
Schneiderle.
[Signature:]
' Amand Pfister.
Durousseau, Virginia Anna Louisa, born Oct. 10, 1794, of Mr. [>"'
i. e., Dominus] Alexander John Courard Durousseau de Ferriere
and Anna Mary Elizabeth Courard Durousseau ; baptized loth ;
sponsors Dml Louis Foucher and Anna Mary Fani Barlatier, all
of Cap Frangois in San Domingo.
Anton, Mary Antoinette, born , of Anthony and Charlotte
Charlis Anton ; baptized I4th ; sponsors Mary Beltge and James
La Colle of France.
[Signatures:]
Charlotte Carles [sic].
Jaque Le Collay [sic]. Marie Peltier [sic].
[NOTE. The names as signed are doubtless correct; while those in
the record (as above) are just as undoubtedly misspelled.]
Barera, Louis, born , of Peter and Byetta Bagothe Barera; bap-
tized 20th, by Fr. Phelan ; sponsors Louis Fulane and Charlotte
Ladieu.
Greem [In entry Jan. 19, 1794, and July 9, 1795,
" Graehm "], Salome,
seven years old and her brother, William, four years old, born of
William and Clara Greem, non-Catholics; baptized 20th; sponsors
Jacob and Judith Liser, his wife, Catholics.
August.
Legran [but Legrand ?], Charles Joseph, born , of Joseph and
Rosa Legran; baptized 4th; sponsors Charles Mariano Carrio
and "
Raguele
" Emiliana Peraud Carrio.
NOTE. This name "
Raguel
"
is Scriptural; and so far as known is
given only to men. Is it possible that Fr. Helbron misunderstood the
name Rachele = Rachel as likely given by those foreign-looking peo-
ple ?.T. C. M.]
Fonten, John Peter, born July 27th, of Andrew and Salome Latter
Fonten; baptized 9th; sponsor Peter Mollegallo. [Thus the re-
cord; but likely Fr. Helbron, if he had entered this baptism more
carefully, would have written two words Monte, Peter's family
name; and Gallo, meaning that he was French. T. C. M.]
[Signatures:]
Lollin for Latter. P. Milletz for Molle.
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 17
[NOTE. The following entry has been marked out with ink. F. X. R.]
Laurent, Bathilda [Matilda ?], two years and ten months old, born in
San Domingo, of Dn Saxy and Irene Laurent; baptized i5th;
sponsors [blank].
[NOTE. The following (in French) is on a separate slip of paper
pasted on the margin of the Register. F. X. R.]
Mary Rose Meide Toris, daughter of Mary Gabriel Laurette Estive
and de Pierre Toris; god mother, Mary Rose Victoria, god father,
John Gernon; baptized, "I believe, in 1795 or 1796, a I'Eglise
Alemande, i. e., the [German Church of Holy Trinity"], in
Philadelphia.
Lupp, Louis, three months old, of John and Mary Lupp ; baptized
I5th ; sponsors Louis Roulin and Rosa Selle.
Boekle, John George, born Aug. 2, of Adam and Catharine Boekle;
baptized 23d; sponsors George Singer, youth, and Susanna Den-
nessin, widow.
Becke, Conrad and Emanuel, twins, born 2ist, of Emanuel and Anna
Mary Becke ; baptized 23d ; sponsors Conrad and Elizabeth
Keller and Mathew and Mary Krebbel.
Luy, John Charles, negro, born , of John and Laura Luy; bap-
tized 30th ; sponsors John Jack and Magdalen Biddesse.
Filling, Catharine, eight days old, born of Jacobin Filling and ;
baptized 3ist; sponsor Frances Catharine Minne.
September.
de la Combe, Mary Clara, born 5th, of Dn John Anselm and Christina
de la Combe; baptized loth; sponsors Mary Clara and Valentine
Scharling.
Wall, Anna, born i7th, of Francis Dominic and Elizabeth Wall:
baptized i9th; sponsors Anna Wive and Christian Kusser, Pres-
byterians ; witness
"
assistente
" Christmann Beyl, Catholic.
Dohris, Rosa, four months old, born of Dm Peter and La Marie
Lourett Dohris, French ; [then as far as one can make it out, the
record has it that the father of the child was born in France; the
mother at Cap Franfois in San Domingo]; baptized I9th; spon-
sors Jacob Schemayn and Rosa Victoria.
[Signatures: }
Boutet. Gernon. Sousous Victoria.
Christmann, Magdalen, born , of Jacob and Elizabeth Christ-
mann ; baptized 19th ; sponsors Magdalen Jung, single, and Joseph
Fiell, youth.
Reichert, John Jacob, born , of John and Mary Elizabeth
Reichert; baptized igth; sponsors Jacob Lanzinger, youth, and
Mary, his unmarried sister.
i8 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Hartmann, Mary Magdalen, born 10th, of Jacob and Barbara Hart-
mann ; baptized 2Oth ; sponsors Mary Dorothy Gros and Jacob,
her husband, non-Catholic; witness "
assistente ludi magistro"
the schoolmaster, [but of what place f of Holy Trinity church ?}.
, Magdalen, negro, twenty years old, born in America; baptized
22d; sponsors Duranton Nau.
Prunot, Joanna Mary Romano, born May 25th, of Dm Sephari and
Felicitas Mary Anna Genevieve Godefroy Prunot ; baptized 26th
;
sponsors Mary Theresa Julia Bona Romana Mainie Lot and John
Mary Lesbazcelles, French of San Domingo.
Bieby, Mary Bibiana, born loth, of Daniel and Caharine Bieby; bap-
tized 28th ; sponsors Margaret Amann, single, and John Reiser.
October.
Mirsa, Francis William, mulatto, born , of ; baptized 4th ;
sponsors Dm Lavoh and Mary Elizabeth Martha Lavoh.
Mailer, Elizabeh, born Sept. i3th, of Jacob and Elizabeth Mailer;
baptized 4th ; sponsors Elizabeth Kinsler and William Lockery.
Pyrens, Catharine, four years old, of William and Anna Pyrens, Lu-
therans
; baptized 4th ; sponsor Jacob Moller, Catholic.
Manary, William, born Sept. 28, of John and Rosanna Manary; bap-
tized 4th ; sponsors John Manary, youth, and Anna Leydelle,
single.
Couk [Kock ?[, Isabella, born Oct. 15, 1794 of Abraham and Elizabeth
Couk, non-Catholics; baptized 6th; sponsors Eva and Nicholas
Seering.
Lyot, Louisa Charlotte Josephine, born Sept. 28th, of D. Charles
Francis Lyot and Louisa Elizabeth Alexandra Minet ; baptized 7th ;
sponsors John Joseph Minie and Louisa Bovere [Bouvier f].
Weis [Weiss ?], John, born 4th, of John, Lutheran, and Magdalen
Weis; baptized 8th; sponsor John and Elizabeth Walthers.
Kinds, Elizabeth, four years old, and Mary two years old, sisters, born
of Jacob and Elizabeth Kinds; baptized I2th; sponsors Catharine
and Adam Rissals.
Baumann, David, born Aug. 4, 1791, and his sister Margaret, born
more than two years ago, lawful children of Thorn [?] Joseph
and Margaret Baumann ; baptized I4th ; sponsors Anna Hundes,
married, and Christina Grauerin, single.
Abt, Elizabeth, born i6th, of George and Catharine Abt; baptized
25th; sponsors Elizabeth and George Laschless.
Megarrel [McGarrigle may be meant f], Thomas, born , of John
and Mary Megarrel; baptized 25th; sponsor Rose Anna Scher-
mann [Sherman ?].
Ossmann, William, born Sept. i6th, of Maximilian, of the Church of
England, and Sarah Ohls Ossmann, Catholic; born in Bath, Eng-
BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 19
land, baptized 25th; sponsors Lang, schoolmaster
"
ludi-
magister," and Mary Anna Alsmann.
Pellisie, John Victor, born July 27th, of D. Victor and Joanna De
Lajet Pellisie; baptized 2gth ; sponsor Mary Schene and D. Gil-
bert Ferrier.
November.
Ganggennion, Louis, twenty months old, negro, born of Gang-
gennion; baptized 7th; sponsors John Andrew Ferro and Mag-
dalen Dauderson.
Guigue [but written "Gick"], Augustine Joseph, born Sept. 27, of
D. Augustine and "Adelheide" [but Adelaide] Corzairs Gick;
baptized I3th; sponsors Joseph Mollynaris and Martha Julia
Julian.
[Signatures:]
Adelade [sic] Guigue. Francois Chabran.
Marthe Jullienne Perrachon. Josephine De Crosse.
Molinaris [sic]. Franchise Pouliejon.
Woodier, Francis, born nth, of John and Magdalen Woodier; bap-
tized isth; sponsors Francis and Catharine Jung.
Montalet, Rosa Charlotte, three years old, of Dni and DDa Luca Belle
Isle, born in
"
Scharlestown," [sic, Charleston ? in South Caro-
lina] ; baptized 23d; sponsors Dn<> Antonio Narcorile [sic,] and
Dna Rosa Monsante [but should be as below Monsente ?].
[Signatures:]
Rosette Monsente. A. Marcorile.
Maree [but written Marain], Elizabeth, born 20th, of John and Mary
Savoar " Marain "
; baptized 2Qth ; sponsors Susanna Savoire and
Jacob Gassy [sic].
[Signatures:]
Jacques Gassier. John Maree.
December.
Moynihan, Maurus [Maurice], born ist, of Daniel and Catharine
Moynihan ; baptized 6th ; sponsors John Leahy, youth, and Mary
Reilly, single.
Stamm, Louis Joseph, born , of Joseph and Mary Stamm ; bap-
tized nth; sponsor Louis Fames, Lutheran; witness "assis-
tente" Anthony Heim, Catholic.
McLaughlin [but written
"
Mecloghlyn "], Catharine, born , of
Denis and Mary Mechloghlyn; baptized i7th; sponsors Catharine
Gylmore [Gilmore] and Denis Christy.
Delfau, John Edmund Felix, one year and four months old, born
Aug. 23d, 1794, of John Baptist Blaise (of Bordentown), [New
Jersey] and Mary Werret Delfaut [sic, but not Dufaulti] ; bap-
2O AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
tized 23d; sponsors Michael Edmund Crespin and Sophia Mar-
garet Bergan Crespin.
[Signatures:]
Dufault. Verret [sic] Delfault. Bergue Crespin.
Carron [or Garron], Mary Catharine, born 6th, of Peter Nicholas and
Rosa Durranton Garron [sic] ; baptized 25th ; sponsors John
Baptist Biesson [sic] and Mary Cornudett.
[Signatures:]
Mary Cornudett. Carron. Jn Bapt Piesson.
Schumacher, John Jacob, born 21 st, of Christian Joseph [Schumacher ?]
and Elizabeth Lanzinger ; baptized loth ; sponsors Jacob and
Salome Lanzinger.
Baptisms for the year 1795 (including 8 illegitimates), 109.
