






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


BAPTISMS REGISTERED AT HOLY TRINITY
CHURCH, PHILADELPHIA.

BAPTISMS FOR 1790.

[NOTE. The entries (below) for 1790 are all in the hand of Rev. John
Charles Helbron.]

1'auers. George, born Feb. 6, 1790, of Francis and Elizabeth Bauers;

baptized Feb. 14; sponsors George Lochler [Lechler] and wife.

Bauer [sic, not Bauers?] Peter, born July 24, 1789, of same parents;

baptized Feb. 6, 1790; sponsors Peter Pota and wife.

Lochler, Joseph, born Mar. 21, 1790, of Anthony Lochler and his wife;

baptized Mar. 28; sponsors Joseph Honeker and wife.

Northley, John, born [no date], of ; baptized Apr. 25; sponsors

John Trein, Jr., and Mary Trein.

Christ, John Philip, born [HO date], of John and Anna Christ; bap-
tized May 2; sponsor Philip Krumel. [NOTE. There is a line

through "May 2" F. X. R.]

Huber, Peter Jacob, born May 17, 1790, of Anthony and Mary Huber;
baptized Apr. 15; sponsors Peter and Catharine Sched.

Branger, Anna Mary Catharine, born [no date], of William Branger
and his wife; baptized May 21; sponsors [Rev.f] ]. C. Helbron
and Catharine Oellers.

Peterley, Joseph Charles, born Mar. 14, 1789, of John and Regina
Peterley ; baptized May 23 ; sponsors George and Anna Lochler.

Koch, John George, born July 16, 1790, of Joseph Koch and his wife

Elizabeth (born Bauer); baptized July 25; sponsors John George
Lochler and his wife Joanna.

Montmollin, Caroline Sarah Susanna, born Oct. 23, 1790, of Frederick

Montmollin and Margaret Carolin; baptized July 26 [date e^>idently

wrong] ; sponsors Susanna Krop and [Rev.] J. C. Helbron.

VVeis, Anna Mary, born July 28, of John George Weis and Anna Cath-

arine, his wife; baptized Aug. i; sponsors Elizabeth and
Peter Potta. [In the second entry for this year

" Pota ".]

Wagner, Catharine, born Aug. 20, of Christopher and Mary Wagner ;

baptized Aug. 22; sponsors Catharine and George Gunter.

Langling, John Baptist, born July II, of Benjamin and Frances Lang-
ling; baptized Aug. 25; sponsors D. [an abbreviation for Domi-
nus, i. e., Mister?] John Bogarin de Cadix and Mary Dikeson.
Catholics.



146 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Wallnut, Mary Salome, born Apr. 2, of Jerome and Mary John
Wallnut; baptized Aug. 29; sponsor Mary 'Salome Baumon [or

Baumor], the wife of Charles.

Borger, George Frederick, born Aug. 17, of Peter and Florida (West)
Borger; baptized Aug. 29; sponsors Jacob Grubb and Elizabeth

Wynkoop.
Ritter, George, born Aug. 17, of unknown parents; baptized Aug. 30;

sponsors George Gunter and Gertrude Ernst.

Bayer, John Joseph, born Sept. 17, 1789 of Henry and Sarah Bayer;
baptized Sept. 20, 1790; sponsors John Joseph Bogarin and Mary
Magdalen Dikeson.

de Bender, George Michael, born Sept. 30, of George and Mary
Theresa (born Volcart) de Bender; baptized Oct. 2; sponsors
George Michael Lochler and Anna Joanna, his wife.

Saring, Mary Magdalen Justina, born Sept. 29, of Nicholas Saring and
his wife Eva? (born Meyer); baptized Oct. 13; sponsors
Henry Horn and Christina Justina, his wife.

Hoky, Mary Elizabeth, born Sept. 18, of John George Hoky and his

wife Mary (born Gilbert); baptized Oct. 10; sponsors Eliza-

beth and James Depre. [" Hoky
"

likely now modernised Hookey.]
Kremer, Mary Anna, born Sept. 16, of John Geradi and his wife Char-

lotte (born Benigen) ; baptized Oct. 24; sponsor Anna Mary
Oekel.

Abb [sic, but not Abt?], Jacob, born Oct. 19, of George and Catharine

Abb; baptized Oct. 23; sponsors Jacob and his wife Catharine
Oellers.

Abb, Catharine, born same day, and same parents; baptized same time;

sponsors the same. Twins.

Baptisms for the year 1790 (including i illegitimate), 24.

BAPTISMS FOR 1791.

Hoffman, Caspar Joseph, born Feb. 10, of Caspar Hoffman and his

wife Elizabeth (born Rudesheim) ; [no date of baptism] ; spon-
sors Joseph and Elizabeth Griegner [also spelled

"
Griegener "].

NOTE.
" Rudesheim "

afterwards appears as Riedersheim.

Rudesheim, John, born Aug. 24, of Anthony and Elizabeth Rudesheim;
baptized Feb. 4, 1791 ; sponsors John Rudesheim and Elizabeth

Grigener.

Grabe, Mary, born Dec. 4, of and Saba Grabe; baptized Dec.

26, 1/90; sponsors Charles Atticj and Magdalen Sokay.
Komino, Rose Mary Anna Catharine Joanna Emanuela Caroline, born

Dec. 24, 1790, of Paul Stanislaus and Catharine Anna (born
Reyen) Komino; baptized Jan. 2, 1791; sponsors John Joseph
Boquarin and Mary Reyen.



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 147

Haitet, Mary Magdalen, born Sept. 4, 1790, of Stephen Sulpice

Haitet and h:
s wife Mary Frances (born Goman) ; baptized Nov.

5, 1790; sponsor Claude Paul Raquet.
Finimore [not Fenimore?], Abraham, aged twenty years, convert from

the Quakers [in the text
"
Quakeranorum "] ; baptized Nov. 10,

1790. [No sponsors named.]

[A mis-entered record ; should have been among the baptisms of

1790. F. X. R.]

Brucks, Elizabeth Catharine, born April 26, 1790, of Francis and
Eleanor Brucks; baptized Jan. n, 1791; sponsor Catharine Heim.

Christy, Thomas, born June 20, 1789, of Samuel and Catharine Christy;

baptized Jan. 30; sponsors Peter Meyer and Margaret Goodlaith.

Miiller, Anna Mary, born Jan. 13, of John and Mary (born Boithey)

Miiller; baptized Jan. 23; sponsors Michael and Anna Mary
Shindler.

Stahlen, Elizabeth, born Jan. 29, 1791, of John and Elizabeth (Pope)
Stahlen ; baptized Mar. 21 ; sponsors Elizabeth Amphoras and

John Stahl.

Horn, Joanna Louisa, born Mar., 1791, of Henry and Christina Horn;
baptized Mar. 8; sponsor Catharine Oellers. [Here follows an

entry of a baptism that has been crossed out. F. X. R.]

Hoffman, Catharine, born Mar. 17, of Adam and Catharine Hoffman;
baptized Apr. 9; sponsors Catharine Baldin and Adam Operman.

Ribel, John Michael, born May 29, of Adam and Catharine (Knil)
Ribel ; baptized [the same day] May 29; sponsors John Michael
Schindler and his wife Anna Mary.

[Here follows a note (in Latin) which states that the above baptism
was the first one that was administered in the new church baptistery.]

Williams, Joseph John, born Dec. 18, 1790, of Joseph and Catharine

Williams; baptized June 4; sponsor John Manderfield [elsewhere

Mannerfield.]

Halter, John George, born May 22, 1791, of Jacob and Christina (Laub)
Halter; baptized June 16; sponsors George and Elizabeth
Lochler.

Gleicher, Barbara, born Mar. 17, 1791, of Francis and Catharine

Gleicher; baptized June 28; sponsors Barbara Shnider [not

properly Schneider?] and George Lochler.

Sthaler [not Stabler?], Anthony George, born May II, 1791, of
William and Mary Sthaler; baptized June 5; sponsors Anthony
and Catharine Heim.

Monnier van Mannierck, Joanna, born July 12, of Anthony and
Martha Monnier van Mannierck; baptized July 30; sponsors Peter
" Hellbronn "

[sic.
" Helbron "] and Catharine Ellingshausen.

Fisher. William Thomas, born July 27, 1791, of William Fisher [ne-



148 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

gro?]; baptized Aug. 8; sponsors Thomas Irac and Magdalen,
negroes.

Stewart, Sarah, born May 21, of Stewart and his wife Eva;
baptized Aug. 9; sponsor Sarah Dauphe [sic, not Duffy?].

Heiner, Elizabeth, born July 24, of Nicholas and Anna Heiner; bap-
tized Aug. 9; sponsors Elizabeth and George Lochler.

Couragd [not. Courage?], Anna, eight years old, of Robert and Chris-

tina Couragd ; baptized Aug. 4 ; sponsors Grob and D Maxi-
mer.

Couragd, Mary, born 1789, of the same parents; baptized the same

time; sponsors the same.

Couragd, Christina, born July 29, 1791, of same parents; baptized
the same time; same sponsors.

Watzen [Watson?], John, born May 10, 1790, of Nathaniel and Mar-

garet Watzen; baptized Aug. 3; sponsor Mary Jekel.

Firman, Anna Mary, born Aug. 12, of John and Elizabeth Firman;
baptized Aug. 14; sponsors Anna Catharine Demuth and George
Hookey.

Fox, Charles Anthony, born Aug. 15, of Adam and Margaret (Willen)

Fox; baptized Aug. 18; sponsors Anthony and Catharine Heim.

Bulange, Catharine, born June 19, of Frederick and Susanna Bulange;

baptized Oct. 10; sponsor Christian Horn.

[Appended to this entry in very minute writing is the following frag-

mentary memorandum, i. e.,
"

1786, 8 July, born Jene Jane Bul.y'

Traut 1784 July Joseph 1784 8 Sept." Just what this scrap of a

record means is not quite clear.]

Selin, Anthony Charles, born June 19, 1789, of Anthony and Catharine

(Schneider) Selin; baptized Sept. 19; sponsor [Rev.] John
Charles Helbron.

Selin, Agnes, born Aug. 9, 1791, of same parents; baptized same date;

sponsor Joseph Laurence [sic, not Lorentz?].

Dagetta [Dougherty?], John Joseph, born Mar. n, 1790, of Peter and

Mary (Zipp) Dagetta; baptized Sept. 12; same sponsor.

Dagetta, Margaret, born May 30, 1789, of same parents; baptized
same date; sponsor Clara Ellinckhuysen.

Zipp, Anna Clara, born Nov. i, 1788, of Joseph and Apollonia Zipp;

baptized same date; sponsor the same.

Laurence [sic, but not Lorents?], George Joseph, born 1790, of Wen-
delin and Eva Laurentz [sic] ; baptized Sept. 28 ; sponsors

Joseph and Mary Laurentz [sic, but not Lorentz?].

Yorsan, Mary, born Oct. 18, 1791, of John Joseph and Mary (Cornu-

dett) Yorsan; baptized Oct. 18; sponsors Mary and John

Baptist Pierson.

[Here follows right after the statement (in Latin), which has been

given in our prefatory notes.]



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 149

November.

Libee, George, born this day (Nov. 10), of Anthony and Margaret
Libee ; baptized Dec. i ; sponsors Christopher Wagener and his

wife Mary; baptized [no date] by Peter Helbron, missionary.

Berre [not Berry?], John, born I4th, of John and his wife Catharine

Berre; baptized when seven weeks old, [apparently] by Fr. Peter

Helbron; sponsor John Berrsch.

Handel, John, born isth, of John and Christina Handel; baptized
when twenty-one weeks old ; sponsors John and Elizabeth

Schranek [or Schranck].

Beyer, Mary Elizabeth, born Sept. 7, of Henry and Sarah Beyer;

baptized 3oth ; sponsors Anna Christina Mischell and John Loson.

Hoffman, Joseph, two weeks old, born of Caspar and Sarah Hoffman;

baptized 22; sponsors Joseph Grave and Catharine Amens.
Riedesheim, Catharine, nine months old, born of Anthony and Elizabeth

Riedesheim; baptized 22nd; sponsors Sebastian Hoffman, wid-

ower, and Catharine Riedesheim, widow.

Jineson [Tinesonf], Mary Margaret, ten days old, born of Anthony and
Susanna Jineson; baptized 24th; sponsors Philip and his wife

Marg .ret Gremmel.

December.

Mass, Anthony, nine days old, born of William and Anna Mass; bap-
tized 4th; sponsors Anthony Libee and his wife Margaret.

Baptisms for the year 1791 (including 2 illegitimates), 45.

BAPTISMS FOR 1792.

[NOTE. The entries for this year are all signed by Rev. Peter

Helbron.]

January.

Kryper [Keyperf], Mary Magdalen, nine days old, born of Conrad
and Anna Kryper ; baptized Jan. I ; sponsors Mary Magdalen
Horn, single, and Francis Kryper, youth.

Jose [or Fose?], Elizabeth, born Dec. 20, 1791, of Michael and Mar-

garet Jose[?]; baptized Jan. i, 1792; sponsors Mrs. Margaret
Elizabeth Wagener, married, and William Laurenz, youth.

Bauman, Francis Charles, born Dec. 29, 1791, of Charles and Salome
Bauman; baptized 8th; sponsors Catharine Schaeking and her

husband Peter.

Albing, Louis, fourteen days old, born of Julius Augustus and Mary
Elizabeth Albing; baptized 8th; sponsors Louis Gilliems and
Elizabeth his wife.

Worbert [or Norbert], Jacob, born Dec. 23, 1791, of Jacob and Mary
Worbert ; baptized 9th ; Jacob and Anna Threin.



150 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Schanson [GehansonT], Catharine born Dec. 24 1791, of Solomon and

Anna Mary Schanson ; baptized 22nd ; sponsors Mrs. Elizabeth

Fols and Jacob Durreng.

[NOTE. After the name of "Elizabeth Fols" follows the word
"
uxorata," which means that she was married; and after "Jacob

Durreng," the word "
marito," signifying that he too was married.

I am in a quandary however to determine just whether the two were

respectively man and wife, or partners of other persons.]

Unger, Rebecca, born Dec. 24, 1791, of Marei [sic, Marius?] and

Rebecca Unger ; baptized 25th ; sponsors Rebecca,
" uxorata

"

= married, and George Lochler,
" marito

" = married.

February.

Horn, Mary Elizabeth, born Jan. 30, of Henry and Justina Horn ; bap-
tized 2nd; sponsors Elizabeth Wathers and John, her husband.

Sebastian, John, born Jan. 30, of Joseph and Elizabeth Sebastian;

baptized 9th ; sponsors Sebastian Schardy and Mary Gertrude

Ernst, widow.

[NOTE. In the Registers for the ensuing year, 1793, this family name
"
Sebastian

" has its first syllable Se crossed out twice. Perhaps Bastian

would have been the proper way of writing it. F. X. R.]

Hiider, John Anthony, born Jan. i, of Thomas and Catharine Hiider;

baptized I2th; sponsors Anthony Berrescher, widow, and Catha-

rine Dorble [or Gorble], married.

Demuth, Anna Catharine, born 5th, of Mathias and Anna Demuth;
baptized I2th; sponsors Anna Catharine Hoskin [should be

Hassley?], widow, and John Firman, married.

Bastian, Jacob, seven days old, born of William and Magdalen Bastian;

baptized I9th; sponsors James and Catharine Pelbos[?].

Speed, Susanna Barbara, born i8th, of John Christopher and Anna
Elizabeth Speed ; baptized 2Oth ; sponsors Susanna Lanzinger,

single, and Joseph Theisen, youth.

Gricekner, Mary Elizabeth, born 3d, of Joseph and Elizabeth Gr'cekner;

baptized 22nd; sponsors Elizabeth and John Firmans.

April.

Miller, Mary Salome, born Mar 20, of Fidelis and Mary Magdalen
Miller; baptized 1st; sponsors Mary Salome Bauman and her

husband Charles.

Miller, Margaret, one year old, born of Christian and Eva Miller;

baptized at Reading 27th during an illness; sponsors Sebastian

Algeyer and Catharine Poth.

Algeyer [Algeier?], Jacob Anthony, born Mar. n, of Sebastian and

Catharine Algeyer; baptized 27th at Reading; sponsors Jacob

Anthony Heim and Catharine his wife, with Magdalen Grapin

[Grassinf], single.



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 151

May.

Hocey [Hookey?], Elizabeth, born 2d, of Anthony and Anna Mary
Hocey; baptized 2nd; sponsors Elizabeth Degre and James her

husband.

Rottger, Michael Jacob, four months old, born of Michael and Sa-

lome Rottger; baptized I7th; sponsors Michael Kuhn for Caspar

Heily and Mary Rottges, widow.

[Here appended is a note pointing to the entry on the following

page, i. e.,
"
pagina sequenti," to the baptism of

"
Francis Blaise."

F. X. R.]

June.

Huver [Huber or Hoover?], Anthony, born April 19, of Anthony and

Balle [sic] Huver; baptized 3d; sponsors Peter and Anna Scheed.

Branger, Mary Helena, born 2nd, of William and Catharine Branger;

baptized nth; sponsors Mary Catharine Oellers and her husband

Jacob.
Schoffer [Shaeffer?], Peter Anthony, born 5th of John and Elizabeth

Schoeffer; baptized i?th; sponsors Anthony Seyvert, youth, and

Catharine Shreiner, single.

Opfermann, Michael, born Apr. 21, of Adam and Elizabeth Opfer-
mann ; baptized 6th ; sponsors Michael and Philippina Schloess-

mann.

Benne, John, born Apr. 23d, of Peter and Salome Benne; baptized

May 6; sponsors John Henry and Mary Benne, married.

Lochler, Catharine, born 9th, of Anthony and Catharine Lochler; bap-
tized 24th ; sponsors Mary Catharine and John Honeker, married.

Glatz[?], Louis Anthony, six months old, born of Lud [sic, Ludwig or

Louis?] and Mary Glatz; baptized 25th; sponsors Louis Anthony,

youth, and Mary Augusta Bossony, single.

[NOTE. The foregoing entry is crowded in at the bottom of the page
in very small hand; and besides is very ill penned. While at the top

of the following page appears the following entry, written in minute

hand, the words being much faded.]
As far as I can make it out this record states that

"
In 1910? May

20, Mr. Jacob Oellers and his wife testified that during the pastorship
of IT. Peter Helbron he baptized Francis Blaise, of Somerset [in

Pennsylvania] ; sponsors Francis Anthony and his wife Augustina
Poirson."

Durreng, John Louis, born 23d, of Jacob and Mary Durreng; baptized

24th ; sponsors John and Mary Durreng.

July.

Welmos [Wesmos?], John Henry, nine years old, born of Benedict

and Rebecca Welmos ; baptized 13 ; sponsors Joseph Egos, mar-

ried, and Elizabeth Welmos, single.



152 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Welmos, Eleanor, born June 2, of same parents; baptized same date;

sponsors Joseph Betbeder, unmarried, and Eleanor Cos, married.

Lanekle, Henry Benjamin, born June 16, of Benjamin and Barbara

Lanekle; baptized I4th; sponsors Henry and Sarah Beyer.

[NoiE. The entry which follows is peculiarly hard, if not impossible,

to read; many words are crossed out, then overwritten; the hand too

is very bad. The following translation is the best I can make.
F. X. R.]

De Lisle, Anianus Mary Francis, two years, three months and seventeen

days old, lawful child of Anianus Mary Frances de Lisle [il-

legible], born at "Wanty" in France, and Mary [illegible] Ger-
trude Charl, born in San Domingo; baptized July 30, 1792; spon-
sors John Louis Francis de Gorgue and his wife Margaret [il-

legible] Champion, born [it seems
"
in Lotharingia," . e., Lor-

raine].

Schmidt, John Jacob, eight days old, born of Jacob and Margaret
Schmidt; baptized 29th; sponsors John Jacob Schyni[?], youth,
and Magdalen Hettings, single.

August.

Fetters, Francis Anthony and Anthony Jacob, twins, born six days
ago, of Jacob and Catharine Fetters; baptized Aug. 2; sponsors
Francis Anthony Ridesheim [not as elsewhere

" Riedersheim "
?]

and Jacob Anthony Fetters, both married.

Chrystmann [not Christmann?], Jacob, born May 19, of Jacob and
Elizabeth Chrystmann; baptized 3d; sponsors Jacob Jung and

Juliana, both married.

Stevesch, William Gerard, born ist, of William Gerard and Mary
Stevesch; baptized 3ist; sponsors William Gerard Stevesch, un-

married, and Mary Stevesch, married.

September.

For [Fox?], John, born Sept. ist, of George and Sarah For; baptized

9th; sponsors John and Christina Conrad.

Gemens, Elizabeth, twenty-two years old, born of parents of no re-

ligion; sponsors Balthasar Kneil and Philip, married.

Cangui [Langui?], Susanna, one month old, born of Augustine and
Elizabeth Cangui ; baptized 3Oth ; sponsors John Chrystegill,

youth, and Margaret Christoph, married.

Grob, Sarah, born 2nd, of John and Sus nna Grob; baptized Aug. 20;

sponsors Sarah Martens, married, and Jacob Warhmuth, un-

married.

Stewesch, William Gerard, born two weeks ago, of William and

Mary Stewesch; baptized Aug. 31; sponsors Gerard and his wife

Mary Stewart.



BAPTISMAL REGISTERS. 153

[NOTE. The name " Stewesch
"

is poorly turitten; possibly it is
"
Stewart." F. X. R.J

October.

Vogcl, John Charles, born Sept. 9, of George and Dorothy Vogel ; bap-

tized Oct. 2; sponsors John and Susanna Grob.

Faures, Francis Benjamin Claude St. Albin[?], born Sept. 15, of

Francis Laurence Faures, merchant of the Island of San Do-

mingo, now residing in Philadelphia, and his wife Frances Eliza-

beth Joanna Hortense Pigeott, of Louisburg; baptized 2Oth; spon-
sors Mary Claudia Vanbeidenbeck de Chateaubrian, at one time

resident in San Domingo, and Francis Labar [Taborf] Payan
Javry, of the western part of San Domingo, married, for Joseph
Benjamin Faures, uncle of the child, and Sophia Pigeott, of Louis-

burg, at one time inhabitant of the western part of San Domingo.

[Signatures:]
Vanbeidenbeck Chateaubrian Petrus Helbron
Tabar Payan F. L. Faures.

Walter, Mary Magdalen, two weeks old, born of John and Magdalen
Walter; baptized 28th; sponsors Magdalen Threim, single, and
Peter Reekemaender, youth.

November.

Knsyl, John, born twelve days ago, of Philip and Elizabeth Kneyl;
baptized 4th; sponsors John and Elizabeth Mohr.

Crousillat, Joseph, born a year ago, of Crousillat and Barbara
his wife; baptized 4th; sponsors Joseph Vernet and Elizabeth

Wismos, married.

Crousillat, Margaret, born Feb. 20, 1789, of same parents; baptized
same day; sponsors Sarah Margaret Hapesin [or Hassesin], un-

married, and Benedict Wismos.
Phlanz, Anthony, born three weeks ago, of Henry and Elizabeth

Phlanz; baptized 8th; sponsors Anthony and his wife Dorothy
Merekel.

Sebastian, Elizabeth, born Oct. 21, of Charles and Apollonia Sebastian;

baptized nth; sponsors Mary Elizabeth Apollinia Sebastian and
her husband.

[NOTE. For "
Bastian

"
perhaps the proper spelling of the family

name in the foregoing entry see the note ahead for
"
February gth."

T. C. M.]
Bull, Mary Magdalen, born 2nd, of Jacob and Catharine Bull ; baptized

i8th; sponsors Laurence Schyni, married, and Magdalen Dyring,
widow.



154 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

December.

Senrig [Serrig?], Mary Magdalen, oorn 4th, of Nicholas and Eva Sen-

rig; baptized iQth; sponsors Barbara Magdalen Horn, single, and
her brother Henry, youth.

[NOTE. Here follows an entry that has been lined over, i. e.,
"
Bap-

tized Mary Pechin, aged twenty-two, wife of Adam Schorty. In tes-

timony, Peter Helbron." F. X. R.]

Wiederberk [or Neiderberk?], Helen, seven months old, born of
Nicholas and Helen Wiederberk; baptized 28th; sponsors John
Futt, youth, and Magdalen Lock.

Baptisms for the year 1792 (including 6 illegitimates). 60.


