




































The records of the Swedish Lutheran churches at Raccoon and Penns Neck, 1713-1786


RECORDS OF BAPTISMS
PENS NECK 1713

Olof and Magdalena von Neeman’s daughter, Elizabeth, born , christened
on September 14. Godparents: Jacobus von devair, Gabrielsson Petersson,
Catharina von devair, and Elizabeta von Neeman.

William and Philpot’s Anna, born ——. Christened on September 20.
Godparents: Johannes Senek, Jacob Savoj, Ingrid Hindersson and Mar­
gareta Philpot.

Henric Wainam’s daughter, Anna, baptised on October 4. Godparents: Anders
Hindricsson, Anders Seneck, Ingridh Hindersson and Beata Hindersson.

On October 7 baptised Laurentz Cock’s S'on,Thomas, in Salem in English.
Cornelius Wallraven’s daughter, Elizabeth, baptised on October 25. Godpar­

ents: Mathias Starck. Zacharias Berthilgren,124 Catarina Savoj and Sara
Berthilsson.

Anders and Johansson’s daughter, Margareta, baptised on November 1. God­
parents: Thomas Guilliamsson, Hans Shiere, Beata Hindersson and Ca­
tarina Guilliamsson.

Anders and Maria Senecks[son’s] Andreas, baptised on November 17. God­
parents: Albert Billerback, John Hindricsson, Ingrid Hindricsson and
Catarina Wainam.

Albert and Margareta Billerback’s son, Daniel, baptised on November 17.
Godparents: Anders Senecks, Seneck Senecks, Anna Shiere and Beata
Hindersson. _

John and Elizabeth Minck’s son, Johannes, born on November 25, baptised
[the] 26[th] of the same. Godparents: Lucas Petersson, Johan von Nee­
man, Anna Jansson, Christina Fransson.

Elizabeth Donet’s son, William, baptised on December 13. Godparents: Jacob
von Devair, Hinric Johansson and Elizabeth von Neeman.

RACOON 1713

Anders and Maria HoFfman’s daughter, Beata, born on December 24; christ­
ened on March 4', 1713.Her godparents were: George Kyhn, Mans Kyhn,
Gertrude and Christina Petersson,

George and Ella Kyhn’s daughter, Helena, born on January 1, christened on
March 1. Her godparents were: Laurentz Hollsteen, Gabriel Petersson,
Magdalena Kyhn and Brigitta Hoffman.

Hans and : Halton’s son, Lars, was christened on January 11,born on the
1st of the same. His Godparents were: Johannes Hoffman, John Striing,
Ella String and Catharina Hoffman.

On January 12 was christened Fredrick Dinnehs’ daughter, named Catarina.
Her ‘Godparents: Jonas Aureen, Fredrick Dinnehs, Ingrid Homman, Cath­
arina Dinnehs.

Samuel and Margareta Von Neeman’s son, Olof, was christened on January
——. His Godparents: Michael Homman, Maria Rambo and Elizabeth
Mulicka.

Thomas and Maria Dinnehs’ daughter, Christina, was born on January 26,
and christened on May 16. Her Godparents: Nils Qwist, Jons, Catharina
Dinnehs and Christina Didricksson.

Gunnar and Helena Arched’s son, Anders, born on February 7, [was] christ­
ened on May 16. Godparents: John Arched, Joh: Georgen, Elizabeth
Ge'o'rgen, ~——Arched.
1“ Berthilyren is an unusual form. Berthil (Bertil) is a Christian name_(as for instance,

Prince Bertil, son of the Swedish Crown Prince) and we would expect Bertllsson,

[233]



Peter and —— Lock’s son, Jonas, born on January 17, [was] christened on
Godparents: Anders Lock, John Geiirgen, Asa [Osa] Jones andBrigitta Hoffman.

Olof and Eva Mulicka’s son, Olof, born on July 3, [was] christened on the
2nd. Godparents: Fredrick Dinnehs, Stephen Mulicka, Elizabeth Dinnehs,Gina Petersson.

Mickail and Judith Homman’s son, Gustaf, [was] christened on August 2.
[Godparents:] John Hoffman, Jonas Cock, Elsa and Beata Jones.

V Peter and ——Mattsson’s son, Pehr, born on June 9, was christened on -——.
His Godparents: Bengt Bengtsson, Erik Mulicka, Maria Sandell, [Bri]gitta Ramboo.

Lorentz and Hiertrud [Gertrude] Ho1lsten’s daughter, Susanna, born on
Aug[ust] 31, [christened] on September 13. Godpar[ents]: George Lyke
[Lykian?,] Lars Hoffman, Catharina Hofff[man], Christina Fransson.

RACOON 1713

VMatts and Julie Mattsson’s son, Peter, born on Sept[ember] 6, baptised on the
13th of the same month. [Godparents]: Johan Ramboo, Gabriel Dahlbo,
Brigitta Culn and Brigitta Ramboo.

Anders and Magdelina DahIbo’s daughter, Sarah, born on Septemb[er] 7,
[baptised] on the 13th of the same. Godparents: Gabriel Dahlbo, Carl
Stréings (Streng, Strengs), Anna Cock and Elsa [Cock].

On September 13 christened John Palson’s (Pau1sson’s) two daughters, one
the other 12 years old, called Rebecca and Maria. Witnesses: Jacob

——,125George Kyhn, Brigitta Ramboo and Elizabeth Ramboo.
Johannes and Anna Nilsson’s son, Johannes, born on S'ept[ember) 19, baptised

on the 9th. Godparents: Joh[an] Nilsson, Stephen Jones, Maria Dinnehs,Rebecca Cock.
James and Brigitta Guarring’s daughter, Elizabeth. Godparents George -—,

Olof Homman, Elizabeth Guarring and Catharina Halton. She [was]
born on Sept[ember] 7, and christened on October 18.

Anders and Maria Mattsson’s daughter, Maria, born on Nov[ember] 27, bap­
tised on January 24, 1714. Godparents: George Kyhn, John M——,123
Beata Jones, Christina Fish.

Olof and ——o——Homan’s daughter, Anna, baptised on :. Godparents: Fred­
rick Hoffman,Manne Didricsson,Catharina Pi, Anna Halton.

PENS NECK ANNO 1714

On February 4. Goran Latien’s Christina. Godparents: Jacob Hindersson,
Hans Shiere, Christina Goransson, and Ingrid Hindersson.

John Rinkman’s Daniel [baptised] on February 1. Godparents: Andreas
Seneck, [Seneck] Seneks[son], Magdalena Hindersson.

Timothy and Margareta Stedham’s Henric, born February. Godpar­
ents: Gabriel Pehrsson, Christina Petersson, Maria Sluby.

John and Gunilla Berthilsson’s Andreas, born -——,baptised on April 4. God­
parents: Mathias Starck, Hans Shiere, Hiertrud Corneliusson, Elizabeth
Minck.

Peter and Christina Petersson’s Sarah, born —, baptised on April 26. God­
parents: Lucas Petersson, Matthias Shogen and Ingridh Petersson,

Marta and Carin Gui1liamsson’s Johannes, born —-—,baptised on June 27.
Godparents: Olof von Neeman, Johan Hindersson, Magdalena Hinders­
son and Catharina Litien.

135 acob is perhaps Jacob Savo_j.
12“ ohn M. IS perhaps John Mink.

[234]



Thomas and Marga:-eta Wiggorie’s Johannes, born on ——-,baptised on
August 8. Godparents: Johan Hindersson, Seneck Senecks:[son], Anna
Shiere, and Margareta Billerback.

Zacharias and Sara Betrthilsson’s William, born ———,baptised on September
12. Godparents: Olof von Neeman, John Berthilsson, Anna Petersson and
Magdalena v. Neeman.

John G6ranss0n’s Laurentz, baptised on November 21. Godparents: Olof v.
Neeman, Marten Johnsson, Anna Petersson and Magdalena VonNeeman.

Lucas and Ingridh Petersson’s Abraham, born on November 24, baptised on
the 29th of the same. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, John Minck, Eliz­abeth Minck.

Stephen Mulicka’s son, Eric, born on »——,baptised on January 24. His God­
parents: j —, CatharinaPetersson,Ingridh M——.

Fredrich Petersson’s daughter, Christina, born on January , baptised the
11th. Her Godparents: John J. Hoffman, John F. Hoffman, Magdalena
Kyhn, Elsa Runnels.

Peter Cock’s son, Gabriel, born on January 31, baptised on Febr[uary] 14.
Godparents: Peter Lock, Gabriel Cock.

Michael Laikian’s son, born on February 17,baptised on the 27th of the same.
Godparents: M. Laikian, Elias Fish, Eva Mulicka, Armgodt Hoffman.

Lars Cock’s, Elizabeth, born on ————,baptised on May 9. Godparents: Thomas
Johan Ramboo, Jr., Magdalena Kyhn, Maria Ramboo.

Elias and Christina Fish’s Rebecca, born on June 24, baptised on the 4th.
Godparents: Johan Mulicka, Peter Rambo, Maria Mattsson, Abigail Fish.

Thomas and Maria Dinnehs’ Catharina, born on July 21, baptised on the 25th.
Godparents: Anders Hoffman, Fredrich Halton, Helena Dinneh and M.Petersson.

Johan and Hiertrud [Gertrude?] Seneckss0n’s Ingridh, born on the 5th [of
Sept.], baptised on the 3 October. Godparents: John Cock, Guarret Von
Neeman, G. Cock and Anna Cock.

Ake and Catharina Helm’s Magdalena, born on September 20, baptised 1,
Godparents: Elias Fish, John Ramboo, Jr., Sarah Dahlbo and Maria
Ra[mboo].

Lars Petersson’s Olof, born on —-, baptised on October 17. Godparents:
Arched, Michail Hoffman, Maria Dinneh, Margareta Petersson.

Jona and Ambora Bjurstr6m's Andreas, born on October 25, baptised on
November 2. Godparents: Anders Hoffman, George Kyhn, ‘Maria H.

Gabriel and Christina Petersson’s Peter, born on November 4, baptised v:
Godparents: John v. Neeman, Olof v. Neeman, Hiertrud Holls, SarahPetersson.

Gustaf and Magdalena Lock’s son, Anders, born on Nov[ember] 20, 1713.
Baptised on January 24. Godparents: Anders. Lock, John Lock, Christina
and Maria Lock.

Stephen and Anna Jonsson’s Abraham, born on December 4, baptised the
11th of the same. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, Laurentz Hollsten, Anna
Cock.

Peter and Catharina Matsson’s Maria born on —, baptised on December
12. Godparents: Matts Mattsson, Johan Ramboo, Jr., Catharina and Maria
Ramboo. _

Johan and Berthil Hoffman’s Mans, born on ——, baptised on December.12.
Godparents: Mans Kyhn, Joh: F. Hoffman, Catharina Petersson, Brigitta
Hoffman.

PENS NECK 1715
Hans and Anna Shiere’s Maria, born on ——,baptised on February 28. God­

parents: Johan v. Neeman, Carin Stahlkopp and Carin Guilliamsson.
Jean Richman’s Maria, baptised on April 10. Godparents: Anders Hindersson,

Margareta Billerback. [235]



Robbin Pickman’s Anna. Godparents: Anna Petersson, Sarah Berthilsson,
Abraham Savoj and Jacob Savoj. Baptised on May 15.

Cornelius Corne1iusson’s Jacob, born on —— May, bazptised on the 15th of the
same. ‘Godparents: Jacob von Devair, Hinric Petersson, Anna Fransson,
Gunilla Berthilsson.

Jean Classon’s Oney, baptised on June 8.
Item Henric Vaiman’s Lars.
Olof and Catharina S‘tahlcopp’sAnna, born on —, baptised on July 4. God­

parents: Tim: Stedham, Christiern Petersson, Sara Petersson and Chris­
tina Petersson.

Olof von Neeman’s Jacob, born on July —, baptised on the 24th of the
same. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, William Englander, Helekia Mass­
lander and Maria Sluby.

Johan von Neeman’s George, born on September ———,baptised on the 25th
[of Sept.]. Godparents, Jacob von Devair, Jean Minck, Anna Petersson,
Christina Petersson.

Anders Henricsson’s Henric, baptised on October 30. Godparents: Cornelius
Corneliusson, Johan Savoj, Christina Petersson.

Item, Pawel Jansson’s Christina. Godparents: Henric Billerback, Catharina
Petersson.

Thom: Gillets Josua, baptised on November 11. Godparents: Lucas Petersson,
John Minck, Anna Petersson, Margaretta Minck.

RACOON CREEK 1715

Hans and Brigitta Halton’s Sarah, born on December 28, baptised on the 9th
[of January]. Godparents: Anders Dahlbo, Magdalena Dahlbo and Fred­
rick Pettersson.

Jons and Catarina Halton’s Maria, born on January 20, baptised on the 29th
of the same. Godparents: Johan Mulicka, Anders Petersson, Maria Din­
neh, Margareta Petersson.

Carl Hoffman and Elsa Ho1fman’s William, born on ——, baptised on Feb­
ruary 6. Godparents: Gabriel Petersson, Lars Hoifman, Magdalena Kyhn
and Brigitta Hoffman.

James Guarring’s James, born on —, baptised on March 20. Godparents:
James Guarring, Senior, Anders Hoffman, Berthil Petersson.

Johan Fred: Hoffman’s Fredrich, born on —, baptised on April 3. [God­
parents:] Lourentz Hollsten, Andrew Petersson, Christina Petersson,
Christina Didricsson.

Hermanus Helm’s Ake, born on —, baptised on April 4. Godparents: John
I. Hoffman, Hindric Hindricsson, Margareta v. Neeman, Regina Hinders­
son.

Hans and Sara Petersson’s Hans, born on ——,baptised on May 8. Godpar­
ents: Jan Goring, Abr. Lidenius, Catharina Hoffman, Mary Stedham.

Peter Cock’s Anna. Godparents: Anders Lock, Jean Rambo, Gunnar Arched’s
wife, Eva Mulicka.

Michael Homman’s Johannes, born on —, baptised on June 6. [Godparents :]
Anders Lock, Johan Petersson, Regina Henricsson, Debora Hoffman.

Johan and Anna Mu1icka’s Catharina, born on July ——, baptised on the
25th. Godparents: John Cock, George Kyhn, Christina Fish, Elsa Runnels.

Michael Laikian’s Fredrich, born on ——-,baptised on August 7. [Godparents :]
Fredrich Hoffman, Pehr Cock, Christina Fish, Maria Rambo.

Item Anders and Magdalena Dahlbo’s Olof, on July 4.127Godparents: Lars
Halton, Gabriel, Enoch, Maria Halton, Sarah Dahlbo.

12-:Faddm, d, 4 Iulii, “Godparents, on July 4". The original is confused. Faddmr, “god­
parents”, was written first and then it was discovered that the date was omitted, whereupon the
date was inserted after faddrar, preceding the names of the godparents.

[236]



Mans and Magdalena Kyhn’s Mans, born on August 18, baptised the 23rd.
godptarents: Anders Hoffman, Laurentz Hollsten, Elsa Hoffman, Stinawis .

John and Elizabeth Georgen’s Maria, born on , baptised on the 21st. ([God­
parents:] James ‘Guarring, Sr., Manne Dircksson, Berthil Hoffman.

Peter and Maria Lock’s Johannes, born on August 29, baptised on September
4..f[Godparents:] Anders Matthsson, Joh. Fr. Hoffman, Eric Steehlman’swi e.

Item Fredric and Helena Dinneh’s Olof, born on August 30. Godparents:
Anders ——, Lars Hoffman, Eva Mulicka, Anna Lock.

Laurentz and Hiertrud Ho1sten’s Johannes, born on ———,baptised on Sep­
tember 5. Godparents: Gabriel Peterson, Olof von Neeman, ChristinaPetersson, and Elizabeth Lidenius,

John and Debora HoPEman’sLars, baptised on September 18, born on the 7th
of the same. Godp[arents] :123

Anders and Maria Hofi'man’s Rebecca, born on September 8, baptised on the
17th. Godparents: Jean Goding, Johan Hoffman, Margareta Petersson.

Gunnar and Helena Arched’s Elizabeth, baptised on October 2.
George and Ella Kyhn’s Rebecca, born on October 2. Baptised on the 15th of

the same. Godparents: Johan Mulicka, Lars Hoffman, Christina Peters­
son, Elsa Runnels.

PENS NECK 1716

Albert Billerback’s Sarah, baptised on January 22. Godparents: William Phil­
pot, Jean Hindersson, Magdalena Hindersson, Ingridh Hindersson.

Tim. Stedham’s Ingeborg, baptised on January 26.
Geen and Catarina Billerback’s Anna Maria, illigitimate, baptised on —-——.

Godparents: Jacob von Devair, Jacob Savoj.
Johan and Catharina Philpot’s Nicolas, born and baptised on April 18. [God­

parents:] Abraham Lidenius, George Litien, Elizabeth Lidenia, AnnaShiere.
Olof and Anna Fransson’s Maria, baptised on April 22. Godparents: Lidenius,

Jacob Hindersson, Magdalena Hindersson and Ingrid Hindersson.
Jean Robbinsson’s Elizabeth, was baptised on May 13.
Anders Jansson’s Morris, on July 22.
Jona and Christina Shagen’s Anna, baptised on August 26. Godparents: Lour.

Hollsten, John Minck, Anna Fransson and Elisabeth Minck.
John and Gunnilla Berthilsson’s Johannes, born on -——.Godparents: Jonas

Shagen, Jacob Wainam, Christina Shogen and the Widow Coltzberg.
Marten and Elizabeth Johnsson’s Nicolas, baptised on October 21. [Godpar­

ents:] Jean von Neeman, Olof von Neeman, Catharina von [devair],
George and Christina Litien’s Eric, baptised on November 1. Godparents:

Abraham Lidenius, Elizabeth Lidenia. _
Lucas Petersson’s and Ingridh Petersson’s Maria, born on ——, baptised on

November 17. [Godparents:] Jonas Shagen, Anna Fransson.

RACOON CREEK 1716

On January 1 Lars and Gunilla Cock’s Olof, born on ———.Godparents: ’Gustaf and Magdalena Lock’s Rebecca, born on December 10; baptised on
January 2. Godparents: John Fr. Hoffman, John F. Hoffman, Debora
Hoffman, Helena Lock. _

Hindric Hindricsson’s and Regina H. Andreas, born on -——,baptised on
January 2. Godparents: Peter Lock, Maria Lock and Helcna Lock.

135No names are given in the original.

[237]



Manne and Christina Didricsson’s Helena, born on ——,christened on January

E9._Godparents: Johan Cobb, Johan Kyhn, Helena Arched, Christinaw1st.
Thom. Dinneh’sxand Maria’s Maria, born on February .15, christened on the

22nd of the same month. Godparents: Johan Cobb, Fredrick Dinneh,
Olof Persson’s Wife, Fredrika Qwist

Frederick and Hanna Halton’s Johannes, baptised on February 26. Godpar­
ents: George Kyhn, Nicolas Hoffman, Magdalena Kyhn.

Sam. and Marg. von Numan’s Margarit, born on February 2, baptised on the
9th of the same. Godparents: The Father and the mother.

Fredrick and Elsa Petersson’s Hans, baptised on April 2. Godparents: J'o'ns
Halton, Pawel Kjempe, Catharina Halton.

Olof Homman’s Andreas, baptised May 23. Godparents: Lars Petersson, Nils
Qwist, Maria Dinneh, Margareta Petersson.

Stephen Mulicka’s Thomas. Godparents: Eric Mulika, Nils QWist’swife.
Olof Mulicka’s Maria, baptised on May 27. Godpa[rents]: Matts Mattsson,

Peter Cock, Anna Mulicka, Elsa Runnels.
Johan Cock’s Johannes, baptised on June 4. Godparents: Peter Rambo, Mar­

gareta Mattsson, Elsa Pfiilsson [Paulsson]. - ‘
Matts lMattsson’s Catharina. Godparents: Stephan Jones, Johan Mattsson,

Lisa Lidenia. ' ‘
Margareta Mattsson, born on June‘ 25, baptised on July 5.
Peter Mattsson’s Johannes, baptised on Aug[ust] 12. Godparents: John Cock,

John Mattsson, Pehr Cock’s Wife, Elizabeth Rambo.
Ake Helm’s Catharina, born on August 16, baptised on the 21st of the same

month. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, Lars Dahlbo, Brigitta Petersson,
Maria Rambo.

Peter Cock’s Elias. Godparents: Manne Dircksson, David Cock, Peter Cock’s
wife, Helena Cobb

Carl Hoffman’s and Elsa’s Carl, baptised on October 28. Godparents: George
Kyhn, Nicholas Hoffman, Ella Kyhn and Helena Cobb.

Johannes and Anna Nilsson’s Carl, baptised on November 25. Godparents:
Elias Fisk, Anders Dahlbo, Elsa Runnels, Berthil Dahlbo.

Hans and Brigitta Halton’s Susanna, born on December 6, baptised on the
9th of the same month. Godparents: Abr. Lidenius, Anders Hoffman,
Olof Homman’s wife.

Peter Cock’sMaria, the same day [December 9]. Godparents: Peter Mattsson,
Peter Rambo, Eva Mulicka.

J'o'ns and Catharina Halton’s Mans, baptised the same day [December 9].
Godparents: Thom. Dinneh, Anders Mulicka, His wife, Margareta Pet­
ersson.

Fredrick Dinneh’s Thomas [baptised on the same day, December 9?]. God­
parents: Thom. Dinneh, Brigitta Mulicka, Nicholas Hoffman.

Almgott Hoffman, baptised on December 22.

PENS NECK 1717

Marten and Catharina Guilliamsson’s Christina, on January 6. Godparents:
Marten Jansson, Peter Hindricsson, Marg. Billerback and Margareta
Minck.

Hans Shiere’s Catharina, baptised on January 20. Godparents: Jean ———,
Elizabeth Lidenius, Maria Litien.

Zacharias and Sarah Berthilsson’s Richard, baptised on January 20. [God­
parents]: Jacob Hindricsson, Henric Petersson, Hiertrud Corneliusson,
H. Petersson.

Jean Suggar’s Maria,
Eaton, Margareta Eaton and

baptised on January 25. Godparents: Simon and Jean
Elizabeth Lidenius.

[238]



Thom: and Margarita Wiggorie’s William, baptised on February 21. [God­
parents] : Hans Shiere, Eric Fransson, Catharina Ruckman and Maria.

Christiern and Catharina Petersson’s Brigitta, baptised on May 3, [God­
parents[: Jacob Hindersson, Sarah Seneck, Anna Fransson.

Olof and Magdal. v. Neiman’s Johannes, baptised on May 19. Godparents:
von Neiman, Guarret v. Neiman, Hiertrud Hollsten, — Petersson.

Eric and Catharina Jansson’s Regina, baptised on May 19. Godparents: Lucas
Petersson, Johan Hindricsson, Margareta Billerback.

Johan Robbinsson’s Catharina, the same day.
On June 14, baptised Thom. Lambstone’s Helena, being as to her (?)129 Shehad Thom. Pennington for Godfather.
Abraham and Lisa Lidenius’ Johannes, born on October 14, baptised ——.

Godparents: Jacob Hindricsson, Olof von Needham, Ingridh Petersson,——Marslander.
Tim. and Margareta Stedham’s Catharina, baptised on October 20. Jean v.

Numan, Lucas Petersson, Hiertrud Senecksson, Elizabeth -——-.
Jean Caspar’s Rebecca, baptised on November 14. Godparents: Caspar, andElizabeth Jansson.
Josias and Helena Pennington’s Thomas, baptised on November 17. [God­

parents]: Sennecksson, Sara Petersson and Margareta Wiggorie.

RACOON CREEK 1717

Gabriel Peterssor1’s and Christina’s Gabriel, born on December 29, 1716, bap­
tised on January 3. ‘Godparents: Laurentz Hollsteen, Guarrct von Numan,Anna Petersson, Magdalena v. Numan.

Elias and Christina Fisk's Elias, baptised on January 23. Godparents: PerCock, Maria Cock.
Lars Petersson’s Thomas, on January 13,baptised. Godparents: Maria Peters­

son, Catharina Petersson, Thom. Dinneh, Zacharias Petersson.
Jonas and Amborah Biurstrom’s Margareta, born on January 24, baptised on

February 5. Godparents: Jacob von devair, Hans Petersson, Ella Kyhn.
Michael and Judith Homman’s Olof, born on ——, baptised on February 9.

Godparents: Jacob v. devaire, Olof von Numan, Debora Hoffman.
John and Catharina Hoffman’s Miins [Mons], born on —, baptised on

March 22. Godparents: Fredrich Hoffman, Pftwel Hoffman, Carin Qwist,Margaret Petersson.
Laurentz and Hiertrud Hollsten's Lars, born on March 19, baptised on the

24th. Godparents: Guarret v. Numan, Johan Hoffman, Magdalena v.Numan, Maria Cock.
John and Cath: Lock’s Beata, bor11 on March 18, baptised on April 7. God­parents:
Item an illigitimate child, Rebecca Gilbert. The Mother, l\Iaria Magdaniel.

Godparents: Berthil Supply, Joh. Georgen’s wife. The mother was brought
in on the stool of repentance.130

Hermanus Helm’s and Catharina’s Maria, born on —, baptised on May 26.
Godparents: Berthil Dahlbo, Anna Kock.

James and Guarring’s Helena, born , baptised on May 2‘6.Godparents:Helena Arched.
Anders and Magdalena Dahlbo’s Lars, born on July 28, baptised on August 11.

Godparents: Anders Hoffman, Gabriel Dahlbo, Maria Halton, ElizabethDahlbo.

129wamnde till sin, is an incomplete phrase, which perhaps should be warande till sin [bérdoiikta], “being as to her birth [il1egitimate]”.
13°Plicgtepallen, “stool of repentance”. Stool of repentance, formerly in Scotland, the cutty

stool, a small raised seat on the gallery in old Scottish churches, where female offenders against
chastity were seated during services for three Sundays, and publicly rebuked by their pastors.

[239]



Thom. and Maria Dinneh’s Elizabeth, born on September 9, baptised on the
15th of the same. Godparents: Frederich Hoffman, Lars Pettersson, Cath­
arina Hoffman, Anna Strang

John and Anna Mu1icka’sMagdalena, born on September —, baptised the
29th of the same. Godparents: Olof Petersson, John Mattsson, Eva Mu­
licka, Sarah Dahlbo.

Michael and —— Laikian’s Catharina. Godparents: Peter and Gunilla Cock.
George and Ella Kyhn’s George, born on October 14, baptised on the 27th of

the same. Godpa[rents]: Gustaf Lock, Peter Dahlbo, Catharina Hinrics­
son.

Pehr Cock’s Maria, born on ?, baptised on November 24. Godparents:
Mans Kyhn, Johan Jonsson, Catharina Hoffman, Maria Lock.

John and Elizabeth Ge6rgen’s Helena, born '—-r-—,baptised on December 8.
Godparents: Hans Petersson, Mans Kyhn, Hiertrud Hollsten, Elsa Hoff­
man.

Hindric and Regina Hindersson’s Christina, born —, baptised on November
10. Godparents: ——

PENS NECK 1718

John Minck’s and Elizabeth’s Maria, born on January 19, baptised on the 23rd
of the same. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, Jonas Shagen, Lisa Lidenius,
Ingrid Petersson.

John von Neeman’s Henric, baptised on March 9. Godparents: Abraham
Lidenius, Guarret von Neeman, Catharina Guilliamsson, Elizabeth Jansson.

Jonas and Christina Shagen’s Wallborg, baptised on March 9. Godparents:
Anders Hinricsson, Gabriel Petersson, John Savoj, Catharina Savoj, Gun­
nilla Berthilsson.

Anders Henricsson’s Peter, baptised on April 20. Godparents: Abraham
Savoj, Ingrid Hinricsson, and Maria Hinricsson.

Albert and Margareta Bil1erback’s Peter, baptised on June 1. Godparents:
Jacob Hinricsson, Lucas Petersson, Dorothea Seneck and Ingrid Hindrics­
son.

Peter Paulow’s and Margareta’s Alekie, the same day. Godparents: Lucas
Petersson, Guarret v. Neeman, Catharina Savoj, Helena Minck.

Seneck Senecksson’s Andreas, baptised on September 21. Godparents: Johan
Savoj, Marten Shiere, Ingridh Hindricsson, Margaretta Wiggorie.

Guarret and Maria von Neeman’s Christina, baptised on October 11. God­
parents: Abraham Lidenius, Olof von Neeman, Magdalena von Numan,
Helena Lock.

Lars and Sara Nilsson’s Ingridh, baptised on November 30. Godparents: Philip
Fransson, Guarret von Neeman, Ingridh Petersson and Helena Fransson.

David Strahen’s David. Godparents: Adam Strahen, John Eaton, Catharina
Stahlkopp and Anna Shiere [and the] Mother: Susanna.

Christiern Petersson’s Peter, baptised on December 18. Godparents: Olof
Shahlkopp, Ingrid Hindersson, Margareta Wiggorie.

RACOON CREEK 1718

Magdalena P51wclss0n’sCatharina, illegitimate [child] was baptised on Feb­
ruary Znd. Godparents: James Guarring, Lars Straeng, Elizabeth Georgen,
Catharina Paulsson.

On the same day was baptised, or confirmed, Charles and Elsa Dahlbo’s Maria,
baptised in emergency. Godparents: Mr. Jesper Swedberg, Matts Matt­
son, Sara Dahlbo, Elsa Pfiwlsson.

Lars Cock’s and Gunnilla’s daughter, born ———,baptised on February 15.
Godparents: Elizabeth Kock, Hiertrud Lock, Michael Laikian, Sam. v.
Neeman.

[240]



Item: Desiderius Debora v: Numan’s Helena. Godparents: The Father andthe mother.
Gunnar and Helena Arched’s Helena, born , baptised on February 16.

Godparents: Henric Henricsson, And. Petersson, Christina Didricsson,Beata Jonsson
Anders and Maria Hoffman’s Margarita, born on February 21, baptised on

March 21. Godparents: Abrah. Lidenius, John Jonsson, Magdalena Kyhn,Maria Petersson.

On. é\:1arcl}119,was baptised Anders Jones’ Maria, they do not belong to ourhurc .
Gustaf and Magdalena Lock’s Magdalena, born March 6, baptised on the 15th

of the same month. Godparents: Mr. Jesper Swedberg, Peter Lock, Eric
Steehlman’s wife, Elsa Paulsson.

Johan Mattsson’s and Annicka’s Johannes, born on March 30, baptised on
April 6. Godparents: Pehr Cock, Jacob Mattsson, and Maria Rambo.

Fredrick and Hanna Halton’s Peter, baptised on April 27. Godparents: Thom.
Dinneh, Catharina Hoffman, Judith Mattson.

Hans and Sara Petersson’s Sarah, baptised on June 7. Godparents: George
Kyhn, Guarret von Numan, Elsa Hoffman, Magdalena von Numan.

Berthil and Maria Supply’s daughter was baptised on June 8. Godfather:
Johan Anders Hoffman.

Peter and Maria Lock’s Jesper, born on May 25, baptised, on June 22. God­
parents: Jesper Swedberg, Henric Hinricsson, Catharina Lock and Beata
Jonsson.

/Matts and Judith Mattsson’s Lydia, born on July 24, baptised on August 3.
‘ Godparents: Anders Hoffman, Jacob Mattsson, Annica Matsson andMaria Petersson
Jons and Catharina Halton’s Jons, born on August 10‘,baptised on the 17th of

the same month. Godparents: Johannes Hoffman, Zacharias Petersson,
Helena Dinneh, Ingrid Runnels.

Lars Strang and Rebecca’s John, baptised on September 22. Godparents:
Hans Halton, William Cobb, Brigitta Halton, Maria String.

Item: Mans Kyhn’s and Magdalena’s Johannes, born on September 25. God­
parents: Joh. Hoffman, Alexander King, Ella Kyhn and Maria Hoffman.

Eric and Margareta Mulicl<a’sJohannes, born on October 2, baptised on the
12th of the same month. Godparents: George Kyhn, Catharina Halton and
Anna Mulicka.

Ake Helm and Cath[arine’s] Israel, born on Octob[er] 8, baptised on the
12th of the same.

Item: Olof Homman’s Margareta.
Thomas Chieu and his sister Elizabeth, both brought up as Quakers, baptised

on October 29.
William and Almgott Cobb’s Christina, born ———,baptised on November 23.

Godparents: Johan Hoffman, Pawel Hoffman, Maria Dinneh.
Manne and Christin Didricsson’s Eric, born —, baptised on Decemb[er] 7.

Godparents: William Cobb, Joh. Hoffman, Elsa Hoffman, Margareta
Guarring.

Stephen Mulicka’s Catharina, baptised on Decemb[er] 28. Godparents: And­
ers Hoffman, John Cock, Hiertrud Cock, Christina Qwist.

PENS NECK 1719

William and Maria Philpot’s Nicolas and Thomas, baptised on January 6, at
home, in English. Godparents: The Father and Mother.

Johan and Gunnilla Berthi1sson’s Philip, born on February 12,baptised on the
15th of the same. Godparents: Olof v. Numan, Zacharias Berthilsson,
Magd. v. Numan, Lisa Lidenius.

[241]



Zacharias and Sarah Berthilsson’s Anna, born on February 25, baptised on
March 1. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, Johan Savoj, Lisa Lidenius,
Catharina v. Devaire.

Thom. Gillet’s, from Duck Creek, Catharina, born on February 19, 1718,bap­
tised on June 3. Godparents: John Minck, John Berthilsson, Helena
Minck, Brigitta Minck.

Marten and Catharina Guilliamsson’s George, born on —, baptised June 21.
Godparents: Jacob Hindricsson, Jonas Shagen, Catharina Von Numan.

Philip and Helena Fransson’s Christina, born r——,baptised on July 5. God­
parents: Lars Nillsson, Willm. Pukman, Carin Savoj, Sarah Nillsson.

Abraham and Lisa Lidenius’ Christina, born on August 20, baptised on the
24th of the same. Godparents: Rev. Andreas Hesselius, his wife, Mr.
Jesper Swedberg,131 Magdalena v. Numan.

Olof and Magdalena V. Numan’s Catharina, born on October 16, baptised on
October 20. Godparents: John Seneck[sson], Gabriel Petersson, Hiertrud
Seneck[sson], Maria von Numan.

Marten and Elizabeth Jansson’s Margareta, born on December —-—,baptised
on the 26th of the same. Godparents: David v. Numan, Jonas Shogen,
Catharina v. Numan, Christina Shiere.

RACOON CREEK 1719

Fredrick and Elsa Peterson’s Johannes, born on January 26, baptised on
February 8. Godfathers: Jons Halton, Britta Mulicka and ——.

Hindric and Regina Hindricsson’s Susanna, born ———,baptised on February
22. Godparents: Guarret von Numan, Maria von Numan, Fred. George,
Beata Jonsson.

Eric and Brita Steelman’s Hans, born —, baptised on March 7. Godparents:
Manne Dircksson, Judith Mattsson, and Berthil Dahlbo.

Anders and Maria Mattsson’s Rebecca, born on March 27, baptised on April 19.
Godparents: ‘MansKyhn, John Dahlbo, Brita Steehlman, and Brita Hoff­
man.

The same day, Manus Helm.’s and Catharina’s Catharina.
Elias and Christina Fisk’s Susanna, born on April 3, baptised on the 29th.

Godparents: Ake Helm, Gustaf Lock, Susanna Laikian, Marg[areta]
Mulicka.

Gabriel and Christina Petersson’s Annicka, born on April 17, baptised on the
27th of the same month. Godparents: Mr. Jesper Swedberg, Lisa Lidenia,
Anna Fransson.

Hans and Brigitta Halton’s Rebecka, born on May 29, baptised on the 31st of
the same month. Godparents: William Cobb, Lars Hoffman, Armgott
Cobb, Maria Petersson.

Peter and Maria Kock’s Margareta, born on June 14,baptised the 28th of the
same month. Godparents: Lars Cock, John Rambo, Margareta Mulicka,
Beata Jones.

Anders Dahlbo’s and Magdalena’s Andreas, born on June 27, baptised on the
28th of the same month. Godparents: Lourentz Hollsten, Mans Kyhn, Ella
Kyhn, Maria Halton.

Fredrick and Elizabeth Ge6rgen’s twins, Elizabeth and Maria, born on July
10, baptised on the 12th. Godfathers: Gustaf Lock, Edward Hadtfield,
Hiertrud Hadtfield, Annicka Jijnsson.

John and Catharina HoPEman’sAndreas, born on August 17, baptised on the
23rd of the same month. Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Nicolas Hoffman,
Gunnilla Cock, Ingrid Runnels.

131Jesper Svedberg, the brother of Emanuel Swedenborg, and son of Bishop Svedberg, spent
several years here as a school teacher.

[242]



Olof and Eva Mulicka’s Jacob, born on August 16, baptised on the 23rd of
the same month. Godparents: John Mulicka, Michael Laikian, Brigitta
Mulicka, Maria Cock.

John’s and Elizabeth Ge6rgen’s Hans, born on August 24, baptised on Sep­
tember 6.

Lars and Cath: Petersson’s Lars, born on September 3, baptised on October
17. Godparents: Gustaf Qwist, Pavvel Kempe, Judith Mattsson, Christina
Dircksson.

George and Ella Kyhn’s Elizabeth, born on October 24, baptised on the 26th
of the same month. Godparents: Olof von Numan, John Hoffman, Hiertrud
Steehlman, Magdalena Dahlbo.

Jacob and Christina Lundbeck’s Jacob, born on October 25, baptised on
November 8. Godparents: Thom. Dinneh, Lars Hoffman, Gunilla Cock,
Brigitta Hoffman.

Hans and Elsa Steehlman’s Jons, born on November 17, baptised on the 21st
of the same month. Godparents: Hinric Hindricsson, Zach. Petersson,
Elsa Dahlbo, Bea.[ta] Jones.

Michael and Anna Laikian’s Maria, born on November 17,baptised on Decem­
ber 5. Godparents: Olof Petersson, Cath. Cock, Brigitta Hoffman,

Thomas and Maria Dinneh’s Gunnilla, born on December 18, baptised on the
20th of the same month. Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Gustaf Qwist,
Cath. Halton, Maria Petersson.

PENS NECK 1720

Peter and Margareta Enlow’s Elizabeth, born -——,baptised on February 11.
Godparents: Seneck Senecksson, Christina Litien.

Guarret von Numan’s and Maria’s Johannes, born on February 11, baptised
on the 14th. Godparents: Lars Lock, Peter Justice, Lisa Lidenia, Maria
Lock.

Jacobus and Catherine Von Devair’s William, born on February 11, baptised
on the 21st. Godparents: Olof Sluby, Olof von Numan, Christina Litien
and Catharina Sluby.

Albert and .Margareta Billerback’s Ingrid, born on ———,baptised on July 3.
Godparents: Joh. Seneck, Magdalena Hindersson, Christina Shiere

The same day was baptised Thomas and Margaret Wigg0rie’s Ingridh, born
-—a—.Godparents: Lucas Petersson, Ingridh Hindersson, Helena Minck.

On August 14 was baptised a servant,132 James Price, about 27 years old
Witnesses: Captain Strahyn, Jacob Hindersson, Magdalena Hindersson.

Jonas and Catherine Shogen’s Jonas, born September -——,baptised on the
18th of the same month. Godparents:133

Abraham and Lisa Lidenius, their [daughter] Christina, born on October 28,
baptised on the 30th of the same month. Godparents: H[onorable] Mr.
Jesper Swedenborg,134 Guarret von Numan, Maria v. Numan, Christian
Pedersson.

Anders and Beata Hindersson’s David, born on -——,baptised on November
27. Godparents: David Billerback, Helena Fransson, Regina Guilliamsson.
Hiertrud [Gertrude] Corneliusson.

Tim: and Margaret Stedham’s Maria, born on March 13. Godparents: Olof
Sluby, Olof von Numan, Lisa Lidenia and ?

Olof von Numan's Olof, born -——,baptised on November 20. G0dparents:135
Marten Guilliamsson’s Maria, born , baptised on December 11.Godparents:

Hindric von Numan, Jonas Shagen, Ingrid Hindersson.
1“ en driing, may mean “a lad”, “a man”, but usually “a servant”, “a man-servant”.
“*3No names are given in the original.
1“ The Svedberg family had now been enabled and assumed the name of Swedenborg.
135No names are given in the original.

[243]



RACOON CREEK, 1720

Peter and Gertrude Steehlman’s Maria, born on January 5, baptised on the
17th of the same month. Godparents: Hans Petersson, And: Dahlbo,Debora Hoffman, Elsa King.

Elias and Elsa Kir1g’sElias, born on February 12, baptised on the 15th of the
same month. Godparents: Peter Steehlman, Alexander King, DeboraHoffman, Marg[areta] Guarring.

Eric and Margareta Mulicka’s Maria, born on February 15, baptised on the
29th of the same month. Godparents: Charles Dahlbo, Zacharias Petersson«~.Judth Mattsson, Maria Petersson.

John and Anna Mulicka’s Helena, born on February 24, baptised on the 29th
of the same month. Godparents: Manne Didricsson, Anna Runnells, MariaCock.

Fredrich and Helena Dinneh’s Eric, born on February 25, baptised on March
13. Godparents: Jons Halton, Gustaf Qwist, Magd[alena] Kyhn, Marg[areta] Guarring

John and Anna Mattsson’s Eric, born on March 13, baptised on April 3. God­
pa11'ents:Matts Mattsson, Mr. Jesper Swedberg, Helena Justice, LydiaCo in.

Carl and Elsa Dahlbo’s Anna Catharina, born on May 20, baptised on the
29th of the same month. Godparents: Gabr. Dahlbo, Jacob Mattsson,Magd. Dahlbo, Ingrid Runnels.

Lars Lock’s and Gunilla’s Lars, born on May 31, baptised June 26. Godparents:
Jacob Lundbeck, Peter Cock, Maria Cock and Elizabeth Rambo.

Lars and Maria Lock’s Anders, born on September 12, baptised on the 25 of
the same month. Godparents: Guarret von Numan, Cath. Sluby.

Peter and Hiertrud Cock’s Mans born on September 13, baptised on the 25th
of the same month. Godparents: ———,——

Fredrich and Elizabeth Georgen’s Hans, born on the 1st, [baptised] October
18. Godparents: Matts Mattsson, John Rambo, Regina Hindricsson, AnnaLaikian. ‘

Olof and Ingrid Homman’s Maria, born on October 2, baptised on the 8th of
the same month. Godparents: James Guarring, Johannes Georgen, Chris­tina Lundbeck, Christina Dircksson.

Peter och Helena Justice’s Marta, born on October 28, baptised on November
6. Godparents: Matts Mattsson, John Coln, Magd. Kyhn and Lydia C6111.

Peter Mattsson’s and Catharina’s Matts, born on October 29, baptised on
November 6. Godparents: ———,——

Anders and Maria Mattsson’s Matts, born on December 5, baptised on the
18th of the same month. Godparents: Peter ‘Mattsson, Gabriel Dahlbo,
Elsa Steehlman and Catharina Jones. '

Fredrick and Hanna Ha1ton’s Fredrick was baptised at home in Coahakmg,on March 18. Godparents: The Father and Mother.

1

PENS NECK 1721

Johan and Maria Eaton’s George, born on December —-—,baptised on Jan­
uary 1. Godparents: Simon Eaton, Lucas Petersson, Ingrid Pettersson.

Item Oney Standlye’s Oney _ _
John and Hanna Jaquet’s John, born on »—-, baptised on April 23‘.God­

parents: Carin Savoj, Sarah Nilsson, and Jean Savoj.
John and Gunnilla Berthilsson’s Anna Catharina, born 1, baptised July 2.

Godparents: Philip Fransson and Catharina Savoj. 'Johannes and Catharina Shagen’s Jonas born —, baptised September 3.Godparents:
David and Susanna Strahen’s Johannes, was baptised on the same day.

[244]



Zacharias and Sara Berthilsson’s Johannes, born on , baptised on Septem­
ber 17. Godparents:_ Henric v_onNuman, Peter Berthilsson, Gunilla Ber­thilsson and Catharina Corneliusson.

Anders and Beata Petersson’s Twins, Rebecca and Susanna, born ———,bap­tised on October 1. Godparents: Zacharias Petersson, Magdalena v.
Numan,

Johan and Elizabeth M:°1nsson’sJohannes, born , baptised on October 1.

godparents: Olof v. Numan, Charles Halton, Gunnilla Berthilsson, Mariaa ton.
On the same day was also baptised: William Wiggorie’s negro, Tobias.
Guarret and Maria von Numan’s Elizabeth, born on December 16, baptised

on the 26th of the same month. Godparents: Peter Lock, Hindric Hindrics­
son, Maria Hoffman, Christina Petersson.

RACOON CREEK 1721

Hermanus and Catharina Helm’s Joseph, born on January 10, baptised on
February 3. Godparents: Hans Halton, Peter Dahlbo, Catharina Dahlbo,
Maria Cock.

Anders and Maria Hoffman’s Susanna, born on January 25, baptised on Feb­
uary 2. Godparents: Lourens Hollsten, Guarret vun Numan, Elizabeth
Lidenia, Maria Von Numan

Gunnar and Helena Arched’s Israel, born on January 28, baptised on February

5. Godparents: Manne Didricsson, Johan Hoffman, Julia Mattsson, Cath.Pi son.
Jons and Catharina Halton’s Magdalena, born on March 15, baptised on the

16th of the same month. Godparents: Maria Dinneh, Brigitta Mulicka.
Ake and Catharina Helm’s Elizabeth, born on April 8, baptised on the 16th

of the same month. Godparents: Matts Mattsson, Jacob Lundbeck, Julia
Mattsson, Ingrid Homman.

Mans and Magdalena Kyhn’s Nicolas, born on May 11, baptised on the 14th
of the same month. Godparents: Abraham Lidenius, Olof Von Numan,
Maria Hoffman, Christin Kyhn.

Gustaf and Magdalena Lock’s Elizabeth, born on May 23, baptised on the
24th of the same month. Godparents: Anders Hoifman, Hindric Hindrics­
son, Eva Mulicka, Brita King.

Matts and Julia .Mattss0n’s Maria, born on May 27, baptised on the 29th of
the same month. Godparents: Jonas Jones, Peter Mattsson, Helena Justice
and Lydia Coln.

‘Herman and Maria Richman’s Ulrich, born on September 1, 1719.
Item, Anna, born on March 20, 1721,Both baptised on July 3. Anders Hoffman,

Mans Kyhn, and their wives were the Godparents.
Lars and Maria P5iwelsson’s Lars, born on August 9, baptised on the 13th of

the same month. Godparents: Manne Didricsson, Joh; Hoffman, Ingeborg
Homman, Catharina Palson.

Elias and Christina Fisl<’s Christina, born on September 7, baptised on the
15th of the same month. Godfathers: Peter Lock, Hinric Hinricsson.

William and Almgott Cobb’s Johannes, born on September 29, baptised on
October 8. Godparents: Guarret V. Numan, John Arched, Maria Lock,
Maria Hoffman

Anders and Magdalena Dahlbo’s Gabriel, born on September 23, and baptised
on October 1. Godparents: Lourentz Hollsten, Zacharias Peterson, Hier­
trud Hollsten, Lydia v. Keuhlen.

Thom. and Maria Dinneh’s Thomas, born on October 16, baptised on the 22nd
of the same month. Godparents: Abrah. Lidenius, Lars Hoffman, Cath­
arina Dahlbo, Julia Mattsson.

[245]



Fredrich and Elsa Petersson’s Timotheus, born in October baptised on the
22nd of the same month. Godparents: Fredrich Gorgen, Tim. Reehn,Catharina Standley, Elizabeth Dahlbo.

Eric and Margareta Mulicka’s Brigitta, born on October 20, baptised on
November 5. Godparents: And. Petersson, John Arched, Elsa Dahlbo,Catarina Mattsson.

Michael and Anna Laikian’s Johannes, born on Nov 4, baptised on the 18th
of the same month. Godparents: Johan And. Hoffman, Anders Fredrics­
son Hoffman, Anna Jones, Maria Jones.

Hans and Brigitta Halton’s Johannes, born on November 9, baptised on the
19th of the same month. Godparents: Manne Didricsson, Charles String,Anna Mulicka, Helena Justice.

Hindric and Regina Hindricsson’s Jonas, born on Nov. 29, baptised on Decem­
ber 3. Godparents: Gunnar Arched, Anders Mattsson, Elizabeth Georgen,Catharina Jones

An illegitimate child, the Mother Brita Halton, the father said to have been
John Kempe, was born on November 24, baptised December 4, namedWalborg.

Sam. and Margareta von Numan’s Jones, born on December 22, baptised on
the 31st of the same month. Godparents: Henric v. Numan, Johan Matts­son, Gunnilla Cock, Deborah v. Numan.

Johan and Maria Arched’s Brigitta, born on December 26, baptised on the
31st of the same month. Godparents: Zacharias Petersson, William Cobb,Helena Arched.

PENS NECK 1722

Jacob and Catarina von Devair’s John, born on January 11, baptised on the
21st of the same month. Godparents: Jacob Von Devair, Junior, Henric
von Numan, Sarah Berthilsson, Margareta VOnDevair_

Marten and Elizabeth Jonsson’s Elizabeth, born on January 24, baptised on
February 4. Godparents: Guarret von Numan, Peter v. Numan, CatarinaShogen.

Johan and Maria Casper’s Tobias, born on February , baptised on March
4. Godparents: Peter v. Numan, Margareta Guarring, Maria von Devair.

Joshua and Helena Hawkes’ Joshua, born on ———,baptised on March 18.
Godparents: John Minck, and Elizabeth Minck.

Seneck and Maria Senecksson’s William, born ———,baptised on May 6. God­
parents: Jonas Shogen, John Seneck, Ingrid Hindricsson.

Aldert Alderss0n’s Nicolaus, baptised on May 6, born on —+-—.Godparents:John Eaton, Margareta Billerback.
Henric and Christina Gun’s Sarah, born on ——, baptised on ———.Godpar­

ents: John Minck, Jacob Danielsson, Brigitta Minck and Margareta.
Philip and Brigitta Cannoway’s Jacob, baptised on November 16. Godparents:John Eaton and Carin St.
Jonas and Catarina Shogerfs Elizabeth, born on November 22, baptised on

the 25th of the same month. Godparents: Jean Eaton, William Mecumand Maria Eaton.
Tim. Damsey’s and Anna’s Johannes, born on December 27, baptised on the

30th of the same month, Godparents: The Father, Ingrid Hindricsson andBrigitta Minck.

RACOON CREEK 1722

Peter and Catarina Dahlbo’s Helena, born on January 6, Christened on the
28th of the same month. Godfathers: Lourens Hollsten, Matts Mattsson,Regina Hindricsson, Elizabeth Dahlbo.

[246]



Note: This Dahlbou asked me to make a memorandum of this: that he was
32 years old on March 5, when he had his last daughter, Hellena.

Jonas and Sarah Kyhn’s Sarah, born on January 26, baptised on the 30th of
the same month. Godparents: Carl Halton, Anders Bonde, Elizabeth
Lidenia., Magdalena Dahlbo

Johannes and Catharina Hoffman’s Petrus, born on February 3, baptised on
the 7th of the same month. Godparents: Anders Hoffman, Almgott Cobb,
Maria Hoffman.

Jacob and Christina Lundbeck’s Nils, born on January 27, baptised on Feb­

Siary ll. Godparents: Ake Helm, John Hoffman, Elsa Dahlbo, AnnaWlst.
Fredric and Helena Dinneh’s Jonas, born on February 20; baptised on the

24th of the same month. Godparents: Jons Halton, Gustaf Qwist, Helena
Kyhn, Catharina Halton.

Johan and Maria Kempe’s Catharina, born on March 16, baptised on the 24th
of the same. Godparent: Gun Kempe.

Berthil and Maria Supply’s Margareta, born on March 18, baptised on the
24th of the same month. Godparents: Carl Halton, Lars Pawelson, Mar­
gareta Mulicka, Lydia Koln.

Johan and Catharina Runnel’s Johan, born on May 8, baptised on the 13th
of the same month. Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Lars Piwelsson, Maria
Pawelson and Rebecca Strang.

Pawel and Gun Kempe’s Pawel, born on September 21: baptised on the 23rd
of the same month. Godparents: John Hoffman, Gustaf Qwist, Maria
Dinneh and Catharina Halton.

John and Anna Mu1icka’s Sarah, born on October 22, baptised on November
6. Godfathers: Staphan Mulicka, Thomas Dinneh, Catharina Halton,
Margareta Mulicka.

Peter and Maria Cock’s Mons, born on November 13, baptised on December
16. Godparents: Peter Rambo, Peter Gustis [Justice], Julia Mattsson, ­
Ingrid Runnilsson.

John and Debora Hofr"man’sElizabeth, born on November 15, baptised on the
24th of the same month. Godparents: Alexander King and Brigitta King.

Guarret and Debora von Numan’s Margareta, born -——,baptised on Decem­
ber l. Godparents: Olof v. Numan, and Isabel v. Numan.

Lars and Maria Pawelsson’s Christina, born on December 22, baptised on the
28th of the same month. Godparents: Jons Halton, Pawel Hoffman, Cath­
arina Halton, Christin Lundbeck.

PENS NECK 1723

Jean and Hanna Jaqvet’s Peter, born on December 27, baptised on January 1.
Godparents: Lars Nilsson, Ingrid Petersson and Christina Petersson.

On February 10 was baptised Anders Hindersson’s child, Anders, without
godparents, brought in by a little girl. ­

Thorn. Wiggorie’s and Margareta’s twins, Sarah and Margareta, born on
April 20, baptised on May 5. Godparents: Jacob Hindricsson, Marten
Shiere, Sara Hind[ricsson].

Jacob and Maria Danie1sson’s Magdalena, born on May 12, baptised on
June 2. Godparents: —, Brigitta Minck, Christina Guns.

Item, Pawel Jansson’s Christina, without godparents. The parents do not go
to Church.

Olof and Magdalena von Numan’s Elizabeth, born on June 16, baptised on the
23rd of the same. Godparents: Rev. Sam[uel] Hesselius, Gustaf Hesselius,
Sara Hesselius, Lisa Lidenia.

Jacob and Regina S'avoj’s Isaac, born on June 18, baptised on the 30th. God­
parents: Gabriel Petersson, John Seneck, Anna Petersson, Christina
Petersson.

[247]



Lars and Sarah Nilsson’s Pawel, born on July 6, baptised on the 14th. God­
parents: Lars Petersson, Margareta Wiccorie, Maria Shiere.

Johannes and Catharina Shagen’s Maria, born on August 4, baptised on the
llth of the same month. Godparents: Timotheus Stedham, Henric Guns,
Carin Savoj, Maria von Devair.

Carl and Gunnila Halton’s Maria, born on September 17, baptised on the
22nd of the same month. Godparents: Philip Fransson, Zacharias Peters­
son, Helena Fransson and Beata Petersson.

Oney and Dorothea Standley’s Anreas, born on August 23, baptised on Sep­
tember 22. Godparents: Seneck Senecksson, Margareta Billerback andBrigitta Minck.

Jacob and —— Von Devair’s Magdalena, born on October ———,baptised on
the 21st of the same month. Godparents: John Savoj and Carin S'avoj.

Guarret and Maria von Numen’s Andreas, born on November 1, baptised on
the 3rd of the same month. Godparents: Henric von Numan, Peter von
Numan, Helkia Marslander and Margareta Stedham.

RACOON CREEK 1723

Peter and Helena Justice’s Lydia, born on February 1, baptised on the 3rd
of the same month. Godparents: Hindrick Hindricksson, Olof Kulen,Julia Mattsson, Anna Mattsson.

Mans and Elizabeth Kyhn’s Peter, born on March 21, baptised on April 7.
Godparents: Johan Hoffman, Elizabeth Lidenia.

David and Maria Von Numan’s Johannes, born March 22, baptised on the
25th. Godparents: Peter Rambo, Jacob Mattsson and Catharina Long.

Georgen and Ella Kyhn’s Susanna, born March 22, christened on the 30th.
Godparents: Lars Hoffman, John Hoffman, Brita Shogen, Anna Mattsson.

Lars and Gunilla Kock’s Sara, born March 24, baptised April 13. Godparents:
Lars Kock, Eric Kock, Maria Jones, Maria Kock.

Manne and Christina Didricksson’s Johannes, born May 1, christened June
9th. Godparents: Joh: Hoffman, Piiwel Hofiman, Catharina Dahlbo andChristina Hoffman.

Eric and Margareta Mulicka’s Helena, born on June 9, baptised on the 23rd.
Godparents: Samuel von Numan, Jacob Forsman, Elizabeth Dahlbo,Margareta v: Numam.

Joh: and Helena Jones’ Johannes, born on July 2, baptised on the 7th. God­
parents: Nils Laikian, Jacob Mattsson, Catarina Mattsson, CatharinaJones

Peter and Maria Kock’s Abraham, born July 10, baptised on the 2nd. God­
parents: John Mattson, Jacob Forsman, Maria Pfthlsson, Gertrud Seneck
[son].

Gustaf and Maria Lock’s Zebulon, born on July 4, baptised on the 21st. God­
parents: John Arched, Anders Hoffman, Elizabeth Steehlman, MariaHoffman.

Hindricks and Regina Hindricksson’s Magdalena, born on July 23, baptised
August 4. Godparents: Joh: Jones, Johan Hindersson, Magdalena Lock.Maria Hindersson.

Manus and Catharina Helm’s Andreas, born on July 26, baptised August 4.
Godparents: Sam: Von Numan, Johannes Hoffman, Margareta v: Numan,Anna Mattsson.

Michael and Judith Homan’s Abraham, born on August 9, baptised on the
30th. Godparents: Edward Hadtfield, Zacharias Petersson, ChristinaHoman.

Peter and Catharina Dahlbo’s Catharina, born August 24, christened on the
30th. Godparents: Henric Henricsson, Guarrett von Numan, Helena Jones,
Lydia Kyhlen,

[248]



Alexander and Brita King’s Andreas, born on August 25, baptised on Septem­
ber 15. Godparents: John Hoffman, Joh. Kulen, Maria Hoffman, Cath­
arina Hoffman.

Gunnar and Helena Arched’s Magdalena, born on September 1, baptised the
15th. Godparents: James Guarring, Jacob Arched, Maria Arched, Chris­
tina Didricsson.

Edward and Maria Hadtfield’s Maria, born September 25, baptised on the
27th. Godparents: Elizabeth Georgen, Christina Kyhn.

Ake and Catharina Helm’s Brigitta, born on October 17, baptised on the 27th.
Godparents: John Arched, Lars Hoffman, Elizabeth Dahlbo, Maria
Arched.

Laurents and Giertrud Hollsten’s Elizabeth, born on June 26, baptised on the

iOth1;.Godparents: Olof v: Iman, Lars Lock, Maria von Iman and Mariaoc
NB Gabriel Friend’s Child. see 1740.
Thomas and Maria Dinneh’s Helena, born November 2, baptised on the 10th.

Godparents: Johan Hoffman, Andreas Hoffman, Anna Gustafsson, Chris­
tina Didricsson

S"taphan and Catharina Jonsson’s Sara, born on November 5, baptised on the
10th. Godparents: Anders Mattsson, Maria Von Numan.

William Cobb’s and Armgot’s Fredrich, born on December 26, baptised on
the 1st of January. Godparents: Hindrick Hind: Sam: Cobb, Christina
Lundbeck, Christina Didricksson.

PENS NECK 1724

John and Maria Eaton’s twins, John and Simon, born on January 18, baptised
on the 19th of the same month. Godparents: Olof von Iman, Guarrett
Von Iman, Gabriel Petersson, Ingrid Petersson, Christina Petersson and
Catharina Shagen.

John and Helena Jaqvet’s Maria, born on March 14, baptised on the 22nd
dito. Godparents: Henric Petersson, Maria Guns and Helkia Masslander.

Item was baptised Joseph and Helena Hawkes’ Joseph on March 14. Born
——,Godparents:

Henric and Christina Guns’ Anna, born on May 11, baptised on the 17th.
Godparents: Jean Jaqvet, Henric Von Iman, Anna Damsey and Elizabeth
Mink.

William Philpot’s Maria, born —, baptised on July 12.
Lars and Anna Nilsson’s Maria, born October 24, baptised on [November]

1st. Godparents: ——.
Anders and Beata Petersson’s —, born on November 12.Godparents: Henric

Petersson, John Savoj, Anna Petersson, Hiertrud Corneliusson.
James and Catharina Butterwood’s Helena, born on December 25 [1724],

baptised on January 1, 1725. Godparents: Matthias Petersson, Henric
Petersson, Helena Fransson, and Ella Corneliusson.

RACOON CREEK 1724

Jacob and Maria Forsman’s Maria, born December 30, 1723,baptised on the
3rd of January. Godparents: Mans Laikian, Eric Kock, Maria Kock,
Maria Jones.

Hans and Elizabeth Stulman’s Susanna, born December 30, 1723, baptised
January 12th. Godparents: Mans Laikian, John Jones, Brita Stuhlman,
Maria Jones.

John and Catarina Standle’s [Stanley], David, born November 28, 1723,bap­
tised February 2nd. Godparents: Lars String, Lars Pawelson.

[249]



John and Anna Mattsson’s Peter, born on January 6, baptised on February
2. Godparents: Zacharias Petersson, John Kulen, Catharina Halton, MariaMattsson.

Elias and Christina Fisk’s Israel, born on January 5, baptised February 2nd.
Godparents: Matts Mattsson, Olof Kulen, Gunnila Kock and Anna Matts­
son.

Samuel and Margaret von Iman’s Gabriel, born January 7, baptised February
l6.h1Godparents: Jacob Mattsson, Eric Mulicka, Anna Runnels, LydiaKu en.

Matts Mattsson’s and Julia Mattsson’s Matts, born February 5, baptised on
the 16th. Godparents: Ake Helm, Jacob Lundbeck, Brita King, LisaDahlbo.

Michael and Anna Laikian’s Ezechiel, born February 11, baptised April 5.
Godparents: Lars Kock, Gunnila Kock and Maria Hoffman.

Abraham and Elizabeth Lidenius’ Elizabeth, born February 18, baptised on
the 23rd. Godparents: Samuel Hesselius, Brigitta Hesselius, Peter VanIman and Maria Holsten.

Nathaniel Taily’s and Anna Tail'y’s Anna, born February 19. Godparents:Gabriel Rambo and Sara Chester.
Olof and Ingrid Homman’s Ingrid, born March 6, baptised on the 15th. God­

parents: John Hoffman, Gustaf Qwist, Christina Homman and MariaHoffman.
Jonas and Sara Kyhn’s Catarina, born March 9, baptised on the 15th. God­

parents: Manna Didricsson, Margareta String, and Elizabeth Dahlbo.
Gabriel and Christina Petersson’s Abraham, born April 7, baptised on the 12th.

Godparents: Henric von Iman, Peter von Iman, Margaret Stedham.
Anders and Magdalena Dahlbo’s Carl born April 8, baptised on the 19th. God­

parents: Peter Dahlbo, Anders Hoffman, Catarina Dahlbo, Helena Jus­tice.
Jacob and Christina Lundbeck’s Catarina, born April 9, baptised on the 19th.

Godparents: John Arched, Gustaf Qwist, Armgot Cobb, Catarina Halton.
Anders and Catharina Hoffman’s Catharina, born May 17, baptised on the

24th. Godparents: Jacob Mattsson, Anders Rambo, Catharina Hoffman andLisa Dahlbo.
Eric and Brita Stuhlman’s Carl, born July 5, baptised on the 8th. Godparents:

Peter Lock, Anders Mattsson, Maria Lock, Elsa Stuhlman.

RACOON CREEK 1724

Anders and Maria Hoffman’s Magdalena, born July 11, Ibaptised on the 19th.
[Godparents: Lourentz Holilsten, Andreas Hoffman, Elizabeth Kyhn, Cath­arina Hoffman.

Herman and Maria 'Ritzman’s Catharina, born on July 20, baptised on the 28th.
Godparents: John Hoffman, Mans Kyhn, Elizabeth Kybn, Christina Kyhn.

John and Elizabeth Ge<'5rgen’sLars, ‘born July 27, bapitised August 17. God­
parents: Lars Kock, Powel Hoffman, Elizabeth Hofiman and Sara Flower.

Fredric and Helena Dinneh’s Fredric, born August 22, baptised on September
6. Godparents: Elias King, Jacob ‘Lundbeck,Helena Justice and Sara Flower.

David and Mania von Iman’s Abraham, ‘born September 5, baptised on the 6th
Godparents: Samuel von Iman, Desiderius von Iman, Marta Rambo.

John and Maria Arched’s Catharina, born on September 8, baptised on the 27th.
Godparents: Jacob Lunldback, Christina Didnicsson, Magdalena Petersson.

Piwel and Gun Kempe’s Elizabeth, born on September 11, baptised on the 27th.
Godparents: Jo'ns Halton, ‘Georgen Kyhn, Christina Lundbedk and ‘Christina
Didricsson.

Lars and Maria Pe°1welsson’sTobias, born September 26, baptised on the 27th.
Godfparents: Desiderius Von Iman, Anders Hoffman, Debora von Iman, CafihHo man.

[250]



Joh. and Cath. HoPfman’s Maria, born December 3, baptised on the 25th. God­
parents: Mans Kyhn, Zacharias Petersson, Hiertru [de] Hollsten, DeboraHoffman.

John and Helena Jones’ Brita, born on December 4, baptised on the 25th. God­
parents: Lourentz Hollsten, Anders Mattsson, Lydia Mattsson, MargaritaMulicka.

Mans and Maria .Laikian’s Catharina, born on December 21, baptised on the 27th
Godparents: Eric Kock, Zacharias Laikian, Anna Laikian and Rebecca Jones.

Cristofi‘er and Cath. Gerrisson’s Christoffer, born on May 23, 1721, baptised on
April 5, 1723. Godparents: Peter Justice, Anna Mattsson.

Item: Darby and Lisa F1oyd’s Marta, born August 21, 1723, baptised on April
19, 1724. ‘Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck and Maria Dinneh.

PENS NECK 1725

James and Catharina Butterwood’s Helena, born on December 25, baptised on
January 1. Godparents; Matthias Petersson, Henric Petersson, Helena Frans­
son and Ella Corneliusson.

John and Elizabeth M§msson’s Sara, born on January 4, baptised on the 17th of
the same month. «Godparents: Olof Von Iman, Guarret Von Iman, Sara Ber­
thivlsson, Judith Corneliusson.

Jacob and Catharina von devair’s Hennic, born on January 13, baptised on the
17th of the same month. Godparents: ‘Cornelius Corn-eliusson, Guarret von
Iman, Sara Berthilsson, Judith ‘Corneliusson.

Anders and Anna Hendricsson’s John, born on —, baptised on the 31th of the
same month. Godparents: Martin Shiere, Seneck Seneckson, Cartharina
Standly and Maria Nilsson.

Joseph and Helena Pennington’s J'oseph, born on March 29, 1724, baptised on
January 31. Godparents: ‘Marten Guilliamsson and Christina Petersson.

Marten and Maria Shiere’s Maria, born ———,baptised on March 7. Godparents:
Jacob Danielsson and Christina Guns.

Guarret and ‘.Maria von Iman’s Christina, born -on «March 7, baptised on the 12th
of the same month. Godparents: Gabriel Petersson, Jonas Biurstriim, Anna
Fransson, Maria V: Iman.

Jacob and Maria .Dan‘ielsson’sHenric, born on March 9, baptised on the 20th of
the same month. Godparents: Henric Guns, Lucas Petersson, Margareta
Petersson.

Hen[ric] and Maria Senecsson’s Anna, born on ‘February 1, baptised on March
24. Godparents: John Senecssons, Senior, and John Senecsson, Junior; also
Anna Senecksson.

Eric Shiere’s and Stankil Gu-illiamsson’silligitimate child, Eric, was baptised on
May 19. Born T. Godparents: Gillus Guilliamsson and Anna Seneck.

Jonas and Catharina Shogen’s Maria, born on April 3, baptised on the 11th orf
the same month. ‘Godparents: William Mecusm, Marta Jansson, Elizabet
Jansson and Lisa Jaqvet.

Tobias and Brigitta Casper’s Maria, ‘born on July 6, was baptised on the 11th of
the same month. Godparents: Olof Von Iman, Gabriel Petersson, Carin Savoj
and Magdalena Eaton.

Simon and ‘Magdalena Eaton’s Elizabeth, born on January 11, was baptised on
the 17th of the same month. Godparents: Olof Von Iman, Guarret Von Iman,
Brigitta Casrper. ,

Henry and Ann Petersson’s Christina, born on September 1. Godparents: Mattie
Petersson, Luke Petersson, Ellena Fransson, Barbro Marsland.

Zach Bart»holson’sZachanias, born on September 24. Godparents: Philip Frans­
son, and his wife, Henry Guans, I-Ielrky Petersson.

Olof Von Jman’s Abraham, born on September 1, christened on the 10th of the
same month. ?Godparents: Jacob Von Devair, <Cornel. Cornelson, Pet. Von
Jman, Maria von Jman, Guarrit’s Wife, Peter Von Jman’s wife.

[251]



Henry von Jman’s and Maria von Jman’s Johannes, born on December 26, chris­
tened on January 1.

At t%1e_home of Peter von Jman, [baptised?] the ‘farmer of —— Von Jman,umor

RACOON CREEK 1725

Jacob and -Leddi Matson’s Brigitta, born on January 10, baptised on the 15th.
Godparents: Mattis Mattson, Jean Colen, Annicka Mattson, Cathrina Jonson.

Erik and Annicka ‘Kock’s Annicka, born January 5, christened on February 7th.
Godparents: Anders Mattson and ‘Mania _Forssman.

Barthel and Maria SufTle’s Johannes, born January 5, ‘christened on the 7th.
‘Godparents: William Coll [Cobb] and Regina Hindersson, Cathrina Hoffman.

Johan and Maria Gillmor’s Maria, born 1724, on the 29th of February, baptised
on February 7, 1725. Godparentsz Jacob Lundxbeckand Maria Archett.

Lars and Maria Look’s Cathrina, born February 21, and baptised March 6.
Peter and Helena Justice’s ‘Christina, born March 2, baptised on the 8th. God­

parents: James Halton and Mali Dahltbo.
Anders and Elisabeth Jonson’s Stephan, born January 7, baptised on May 16.

Godparents: Peter Rambo and Cathrina Jons[son].
Peter and ‘Cathrina Dahhbds Rebecka, born April 30, baptised on May 16. God­

parents: Jacob Lundbeck and And. Rambo, Maria Archet and Helena Still­man.
Lars and Rebecka Strang’s Lars, born May 7, baptised on the 30th. Godparents:

Ante Hoffman, Jacob Forsman, Christina Lundbeck and Nanni Kock.
Peter and Maria Lock’s Susanna, born June 20, baptised July 4th. -Godparents:

Hans Stillman, And. Mattson, Judith Homman and Maria Mattss[on].
Anders and ‘Ceteris Hinderson’s Annicka, born August 1, baptised on the 29th.

Godparents: Mattias Skagen, Peter Billenback, Geen Donker and MargethHindersson.
Carl and Sara Halton’s Sara, born September 8, baptised on the 19th. God­

parents: William Cobb, Niclas Hoffman, Sara Keen and Annicka Gustafson.
Israel and Regina Hindersson’s Israel, born on October 1, christened on the 10th.

‘Godparents: Zacharias Peterssown,Israel Lock, Maria Archett and Cathrina
Hofiman.

Anders and Maria Hol¥man’s Johannes, born October 28, baptised on the 31st.
Godparents: Garrit von Nehman, Johan von Nehman, Elena Justice and
Isabel von ‘Nehman.

Johan and Annicka \Mullioka’s Ingri, born on October 23, baptised on the 31st.
Pahr and ‘Maria Kock’s Adam, born on October 8, christened on the 13th. God­

parents: Peter Kock, Lars Kook and Cathrina Koch.
David and Maria von Nehman’s Isak, born on November 16, christened on the

26th. ‘Godparentsz Ake Helm, Cathrina Helm.
Dissi von Nehman and Debora von Ne‘hrnan’s Andreas, born on November 19,

baptised on the 26th. ‘Godparents: Garrith Von N-ehrman,Tobias, Britta, and
Margeth von Nehman

Peter Rambo’s and Christina Ram’bo’s Johannes, born on November 21, baptised
on the 27th. Godparents: Gabriel Ramlbo, Elizabet Smith, and Cathrina
Ra bo.

Lars aiitli Gunnilla Kock’s Maria, born on November 24, baptised on the 27th.
Godparents: Jonas Lidman, Peter Rambo, Annicka Laikian and Sara Cowck.

RACOON CREEK 1726

Peter von Nehman’s and Maria von Nehman’s Son, Andreas, was born on Decem­
ber 6, baptised on the 1st of January. Godparents: Gabriel Petersson, Mat­
thius Holsten, Maria von Nehman, and the maiden Christina Petersson.

Peter Kock’s and Maria Kock’s Juli, born November 16. baptised January 2nd.
Godparents: ‘Carl ‘Stren-g, Rebecka String, Maria Gurren, maiden.

[252]



Thomas Dennis and Maria Dennis’ Johannes, born on January 20, baptised on
February 27. ‘Godparents: Niclas Hoffman, Gustaf Gustafsson, Debora Hof­mam Mafia Hoflmam mammf

Heddert Hatfiell’s and Gertrud Hatfiell’s Adam, born on January 6, baptised
on February 27. Godparents: Olof Petersson, Nils Gustafson, Mali Peters­son, maiden.

Jacob Lundbedds andlChfisfina Lundbeck% Johanna born on February 1% bap­
tised on the 27th. Godparents:, James Halton, Zacharias Petersson, BrigittaHalton, Elisabeth Dahlbo, maiden.

Anders Fridrichson Holfman’s and ‘Cathrina Hoffman’s Abraham, born on Feb­
ruary 27, baptised on March 20. Godparents: Jac. Lundbeck, Niclas Hoffman,
Mali Petersson, maiden, ‘Cathrina Hoffman, maiden.

Jacob and Maria Forsman’s Margareta was ‘born on March 10th, baptised on
the 20th. Godparents: Pavel Hoffman, Annicka Gustafsson.

Gustaf and Mali Lock’s Gustaf was born on March 7, baptised on the 20th. God­
parents: Jacob Mattsson, Mans Hoffman, Maria ‘Mattsson, Giartrud Hatfiel
[Gertrude Hatfield]

Gabriel and Christina Petersson’s Jonas, was born on March 20, baptised on
April 5th. ‘Godparents: Jacob Savoj, Jonas Petersson, Margret Wickri
[VViggoreL

Erik and Margreta Mullicka’s Jngri [Ingrid] was born on April 8, baptised on
the 11th. Godparents: Henrik Henrikson, And. Andersson Hoffman, Helena
Jonss[on], maiden, Mali Petersson, maiden.

John and Annicka Mattsson’s Elisabeth, was born on May 21, baptised on the
30th. Godparents: William Cabb, Enok Enockson, junior, Maria Archiet,Batti [Betty?] Dahlbo, maiden.

V/Villiamand Armgott Cabb’~sPavel was born on June 9th, baptised on the 19th.
Godparents: Anders Fredrichson Hoffman, Niclas Hoffman, Maria Hoffman,a wife, and “Cathrina Hoffman.

Elias and Elsa King's Twins, Johannes and Susanna, born on May 27, baptised
on June 19th. Godparents: Mattias Mattsson, Alexander King, Johannes
Swenson, Gustaf ‘Gustafson, MalTlV.[attson, a wife, Elizabeth Mulicka, maiden.
Brigitta King, a wife, Debora Dedricsson, maiden.

Johan and Elena Jonson’s Jonas, was born on June 14, ibaptised on July 10. God­
parents: Henrik Henrikson, ‘Carl Lock, Gertrude Holst-en, wife, Cath. Hoff­rnan

Hans and Elsa Stillman’s Israel was born on July 7, baptised on the 10th. God­
parents: Anders Mattson, Mans Lock, Margret Stedom, Cath. Keen, maiden.

Johan and Maria Gillman’s Sara, born April 7, baptised on July 10. Godparents:
Gustaf Lock and ‘Sara Halton, wife.

William Lamts’berg’s and Maria Morgen’s William, born on June 14, baptised
on July 10. Godparents: Anderis_si von Nehman, Niclas Dahlberg, Maria
Morgen, wife, and Debora von Nehman, wife.

Johannes }JoaYs [and] Iebeoka Jonssonk ——-—,born July 15, 1725, bapfised on
July 10, 1726. ‘Godparents: Pet. ‘Cock, Jonas Cock, Elena Dahlberg, wife,Cathrina Cock.

Zacharias and Mali Petersson’s Magdalena, born on September 9. baptised on
the 12th. Godparents: James Halton, ‘Carl Hansson Halton, Cathrina Hal­
ton, wife, Cathrina Halton, maiden.

Tobias and Elena Brejet’s Erick, born on September 9, baptised on the 10th.
Godparents: Anderisse von Nehman, Niclas Dah[l]berg, Debora von Neh­
man, wife, Brigitta Stillman, maiden.

Stephan and Cathrina Jons[son]’s Marta, born on September 12, baptised on
the 23rd, Godparents: Fredrich Hoffman, Gustaf Lock, Margret Von Neh­
man, wife, Els[a] Stillman, wife.

Johannis and Elisabeth Georgen’s Fredrich, born -on September 15, baptised on
the 26th. Godparents: Gunnar Arichiet, Peter Guarren, Eva Mullicka, wife,
Brigitta Halton, wife.

[253]



Piivel and Geen Kemp’s Maria, ‘born on September 29, baptised on October 10.
Godparents: William Cabb, Lars Hoffman, Elena Gustafs, wife, Mall Pet­
ersson, maiden.

Jonas and Sara Keen’s Christina, born on October 11, baptised on the 23rd. God­
parents: Enok Enockson, Matthias Skaggen, Cathrina Dahlbo, wife.

Anders Rambo’s and Cathrina Rambo’s Maria, born on October 11, baptised
on the 23rd. Godparents: Peter Rambo, Mans Hoffman, Christina Rambo,
Maria. Hoffman, maiden.

Lars and Maria P§1velson’sAndreas, born on October 17, baptised on the 23rd.
Godparents: Zacharias Petersson, Armgott -Cobb, wife, ‘Christina Dedriks—
son, maiden.

Andreas Dahlbo and Mali Dahlbo’s Johannes, born October 19, baptised the
23rd of the same month. Godparents: Mans Keen, Giijran Keen, Juli Matts­
s[on], wife, Cathrina Keen.

Stephan and Elisabeth Mullicka’s Johannes, born on October 29, baptised Novem~
ber 6. Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Nils Gustafson, Margret Steddom, Mali
Hoffman, wife.

Carl and Sara Halton’ls Christina, born on December 19, baptised on the 25th.
‘Godparents: Gustaf Gustafson, Peter Halton, Elizabeth Georgen, wife, Maria
Gerren, maiden.

Erick and Hanna Cocl<'s Debora, born on December 11, baptised on the 25th.
Godparents: Erick Kock, Ephraim Kock, Margret Strang [Streng], and
Maria Kock.

PENS NECK ANNO 1727

Catharina Petersson, born on February 11. Godparents: Henry voln Jman, Lars
Nilson, Christina Petersson, Fransina Cornelson.

Jacob Danie1son’s Gabriel, born on September 26, christened on October 8. God­
parents: Peter von Jman, Henry Petersson, Junior, Lena Franson, Sara Fors.

John Phi1lpo~tt’sAnna Maria, born on July 27, christened on October 8. God­
parents: Senek Senekson, And. ‘Liten, Elizabeth Johnson, Maria Senekson.

And. Henrikson’-s Andreas, born on July 5, christened on October 8. Godparents:
Olof Von Jman, Margret Wik‘ry [Wiggorie], Annicka Cornelson.

Olof von Jman’s Cathrina, born on October 25, christened on the 29th of the
same month. Godparents: Magister [Rev. Mr.] Windrufwa, Cornel. Cor­
nelson, Sara Petersson, Fransina Cornelson.

Luke Petersson’s Ingrid, born on October 22, christened on the 31st of the same
month. Jacob Danielson, Henry Petersson, Ingry Petersson, Debora Ded—
rikson.

Own Standly’s William, born on November 20, christened on December 3. God­
parents: Jonas Skaggen, Oney Henrikson, Albert Billerback’s wife, and
John Standly’s wife.

RA‘COOlN CREEK AN~NO 1727

Samuel and M-argret Von Eman’s David, born on December, 1727, lbaptised on
January 8. Godnparents: Johannes Hoffman, William Cabb, Maria von Eman,
Cathrina Jonsdotter.

David and Susanna Kock’s Leddi, born on January 12, baptised on the 15th.
Godparents: ‘Carl Strang, Anders Dahlbo, Christina Homman, Anna Kock.

Elias and Christina Fish’s Elena, born on January 15, baptised on the 22nd.
Godparents: Lars Kock, Johannes Andersson Hoffman, Annicka Mullicka,
Cathrina Jonsdotter.

Olof I-Iomman and Ingri Homman’s Elena, born on February 26, baptised on
March 5. Godparents: Johannes Hoffman, Peter Halton, Elisalbeth Georgon,
Cathrina H-altgn.

[254]



Anders Andersson’s and Maria Hoffman’s Beata, born on March 22, baptised
on April 2. Godparents: Anders Dahlibo, Thom. Denny, Mali Dahlbo, MariaDenny.

l\«IansKeen’s and Elisabeth Keen’s Maria, born on April 6, baptised on the 11th.
Godparents: Elias King, Anders Rambo, Anna Cathrina Tranberg, -CathrinaKeen.

Mans Petersson’s and Maria vPeter’s Thomas, born on August 19, 1724, baptised
on May 28. Godparents: Zacharias Petersson, Mali Petersson.

Fredrich and Elena Denny’s Johannes, born on May 24, baptised on the 28th.
godparents: Mattias Skaggen, Johannes Enok, Christina Lundbeck, Geenampe

Peter and Cathrina Dahl‘boo’s Gabriel, born on June 29, baptised on July 2.
Godparents: Anders Andersson Hofrnan, Joh. Enokson, Sara Friend, BrigittaSti man.

Erik and Annicka Kock’s Margret, born on June 25, baptised on the 2nd. God­
parents: Gabriel Rambo, Gunnillia Kock.

And. Mattisson’s and Maria Mattsson’s Anders, born on July 15, baptised on the
30th. Godparents: Peter Lock, Enok Enokson, Cathrina Dahlbo, Elena Jons­son.

Peter and Elena Justice’s Susanna, born on July 22, baptised on the 30th. God­
parents: Gustaf Lock, Carl Lock, Regina Hendricksson, Maria AnderssonHoffman.

Johannis and Maria Archet’s Jacob, born on July 26, baptised on the 30th. God­
parents: Henrik Henrikson, Lars Lock, Sara Keen, Margret Mullicka.

Anders and Elisabeth Jonse[son]’s Judith, born on June 15, baptised on the 30th.Godfather: Jacob Forsman.
John Sleters and Maria Sleter’s Maria, born on July 15, baptised August 10.

Godparents: David Kock, Johannes Niclas, Anna Lajemett, Brigitta Strang.
Peter and Anna ‘Cathrina Tranberg’s Andreas, born on April 18, baptised on the

20th. Godparents: the Rev. Mr. Lidman, the Rev. Mr. Windrufwa. Mrs.Taylor and Gertrud Holsten.
Gustaf Gustafson’s and Annika Gustafsson’s Gustaf, born on September 21, bap­

tised on October 8. «Godparents: Johan Fredrichson Hofman, Nils Gustafson,Cath. Halton, Annicka Gustafsson.
Olof and Maria Culen’s ‘Cathrina, .born on October 30, baptised on November 5.

Godparents: Jacob Mattson, Zacharias Petersson, Annicka Mattsson, MariaLock.
Lars and Maria Locl<’s Mans, born on October 7, baptised on November 5.

Godparents: Thom. Denny, Lars Hoffman, Maria Denny, Elsa Stillman.
Henrik and Regina Henrik’s Henrik, born on November 1, baptised on the 12th.

Godparents: Joh. Archet, Olof Culen, Elena Archiet, Cathrina Homman.
And. Fredrichson and Cathrina Hofman’s Elena, born on November 20, baptised

on the 26th. Godparents: And. Andersson Hofl°man, Paul Hoffman, MariaPaulsson, Maria Hoffman.
David and Maria Von Jman’s Aaron, born on October 28, baptised on Novem­

ber 4. Godparents: -Gabriel Petersson, Dishe von Jman, Debora von Jiman,Margret von Jman.
Alexander and Brigitta King’s Frederich, born on January 2, baptised on the

23rd. Godparents: Elias King, Betty Keen, ‘Maria Hoffman.
Timot. and Margret Stedom’-sChristina, born on January 8, baptised on the

28th. Godparents: Stephan Mullicka, Lars Lock, ‘Maria Mattsson.

PENS NECK ANNO 1728

Senek and ‘Maria Senekson’s Johannes, born on January 19, christened on the
25th of the same month. ‘Godparents: ‘Martin Johnson, John Fillpot, AntiHenrikson’s and Erik Ellionson’s Wives.

[255]



John Jaquet’s Joseph, born on February 19, christened on the 25th of the same
month. Godparents: Luke Petersson, Senior, Henry Petersson, Junior. An­
nicka Franson, Britta Cannow[ay].

Henry von Jman’s child, Elizabeth, born in January, christened on February 25.
Godparents: Olof von Jman, Jonas Skaggen, Cathrina Skaggen, Fransenthi
Cornels[s0n].

And[-ers] Liten’s ‘Christina, born ———,christened on May 5. Godparents: Martin

gi/l_l Johnsson, Martin Skeer, Alberth Billerback’s and Luke Pettersson’sives
And. Bo0n’s Peter, born on May 17, christened on the 19th of the same month.

‘Godparents: Luk-e Petersson, Junior, Peter Boon, Sara Nilson, Fransenthi
Cornelson.

Erik Skeer’s [Shiere] child, born on July 23, christened on the 28th. Godparents:
Senek Senekson, Martin Skeer, Albert Billerbak’s wife, Christina Guans.

Martin and Elizabeth Johnson’s Twins, Goran and Johannes, born in April,
christened . G'o'ran’s Godparents: Rev. Mr. Windrufwa, Joh. Casparson,
Elizabeth Windrufwa and Anna >Casparson. J0hn’s Godparents: Charles
Bukly, Tobias ‘Casparson, Grace Bukly and Judith Casparson.

Carl and Gunnilla Ha1ton’s child, born on May 31, christened on June 7. ‘God­
parents: Lars Nilson, Peter Von Jman, Sara Nilson, Lena Franson.

RACOON ANNO 1728

Peter and Christina Rambo’s Elizabeth, born on January 2, christened on the

171th.godparents: Thomas Deny, Henrik Henrikson, Juli Mattson, Deboraam 0.
Edward Niclas, 20 years old, christened on January 28. Witnesses: Jacob

Lundbeck, Enock Enockson.
Johan: Niclas, 18 years old, christened on January 28. Witnesses: Georg Cotz,

Christina Lundbeck.
Ephraim and Maria Kock’s Maria, born on January 29, baptised on February

11. Godparents: Jacob Matson, Gabriel Rambo, Maria Von Jrnan [Nee­
man], Elena Halton,

Jonas and Sara Kock’s Mans, born on January 28, baptised February 11. God­
parents: Samuel von Jman, Bull, Maria Von Jman, Maria Bull.

Mich. Lycon and Annicka Lycon’s Annicka, born on April 2, baptised on the
21st. Godparents: John Culen, Gabriel Kock, Maria Lock, Cath. Kock.

Dishe and Debora von Iman[’s] , baptised on the 21st. Godparents: Jacob
Forsman, Guarrit Von Jman, Margreta Mullicka.

Mans and Maria Petersson’s Samuel, born on February 15, 1725,baptised in
June. Godparents: Jons Halton, Thomas Denny, Cathrina Halton, wife,
Malin Petersson.

Pahr and Maria Kock’s Johannes, born on July 9, baptised on July 21. God­
parents: And Dahlbo, John Culen, Margret Von Iman, wife.

John and Annicka Mu1licka’s Jonas, born on July 18, baptised on the 21st.
Godparents: Jons Halton, Jacob Forsman, Christina Lundbeck, Elena
Jonse.

John and Annicka Matson’s Israel, born on July 15, baptised on August 11.
Godparents: Lars Kock, Gabriel Kock, Maria Von Jman, Brigitta Lock.

And. Enock and Cath. Enocl<’s Rebecka, born on August 13, baptised on the
18th. Godparents: Thom. Bull, Erik Runolls, Regina Henriks, wife,
Annicka Niclas, maiden.

Lars and Rebecka Streng’s Anders, born on July 11, baptised on August 1&
Godparents: Lars Kocks, J'c'>nsHalton, Christina String, Juli Kock, wife.

Jacob and Maria Forsman’s Cathrina, born on September 8, baptised on the
15th. Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Jonas Kock, Lenora Von Jman, Maria
Hoffman.

[256]



Jonas and Sara Keen’s Maria, born on September 29, baptised on October 26.
Godparents: Peter Lock, And. Matson, Cath. Tranberg, Maria Hoffman,Jacob and Leddy Matson.

Jacob and Christina Lundbeck’s Henrik, born on November 20, baptised on
the _24th.Godparents: Petter Tranberg, William Cabb, Maria Denny,Maria Hoffman.

Gabriel and Betty Rambo’s Thomas, born on September 24, baptised on the
26th of December. Godparents: Thom. Bull, Christina Rambo, MarthaRambo.

RACOON ANNO 1729

John and Elizabeth Georgen’s Catharina, born on January 6, baptised on the
12th. Godparents: Carl Strang, Petter Homman, Debora Dedricks, maiden,and Betty Guarrem, maiden.

Carl and Sara Halton, born on January 21, baptised on the 26th. Godparents:Christina Lundbeck, Anicka Justice.
Israel and Rebecka Lock’s Cathrina, born on January 24, baptised on the

26th. Godparents: Henrik Henrikson, Carl Lock, Cath. Dahlbo, MalinHoffman
John and Elizabeth Plomli’s Maria, born on January 6, baptised on February9. Godparents: Margret Mullicka and Annicka Mullicka.
Hans and Elsa Stillman’s Johannes, born on January 27, baptised on February

3. Cliodparentsz William Cabb, Mans Hoffman, Maria Mattsson, Mariaoc

Samuel Enkow, born 1699,on March 15, baptised on the 9th. Godparents: JonsHalton and Thom. Denny.
Lars and Maria P2°1velson’sCathrina, born on February 25, baptised on

March 9. Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Johannes Hoffman, ElizabetGeorgen, Maria Guarron.
Anders Andersson and .Maria Hoffman’s Maria, born on February 24, bap­

tised on March 9th. Godparents: Jons Halton, Mans Hoffman, CathrinaHoffman, Beata Hoffman.
Thomas and Maria Berry’s John, born on March 8, baptised on the 9th. God­

parents: John Bars and William Thoms, Maria Guilmor.
John and Margret S'mit’s Anna, born on September 25, 1716,baptised on May

4 Godparents: John Mullicka, Jacob Lundbeck and Annicka Lundbeck.
Pavel and Jeny Kamp’s Sebulon, born on May 11, baptised on the 18th. God­

parents: John Georgen, Lars Pivelson, Malin Lock, Christina Halton.
William and Armgott Cobb’s Cathrina, born on May 18, baptised on the 26th.

Godparents: Henrik Henrikson, Gunnar Orisent, Christina Lundbeck,Maria Hoffman.
Erik and Hanna Ko(:k’s Susanna, born on April 27, christened on May 28.Godparents: Lars Cock, Lars Hoffman, Maria Guarron.
John and Margret Enock’s David, born on August 4, baptised on the 10th.

Godparents: Samuel Von Jman, Enok Enokson, Cathrina Enokson, AnnNiclas.
John and Maria Bright’s Elizabeth, born on July 26, baptised on August 10.

Godparents: William Bright, Isabel Von Jrnan, Elizabeth Bright.
George and Lysi [Lucy?] Howels’ Maria, born on July 15,baptised on August

24, Godparents: Erik Cock, Elena Bright, Maria Hoffman.
William and Maria Culen’s Johannes, born on August 28, baptised on Sep­tember 8. Godparents: Henrik Henrikson, Carl Lock, Juli Matsson, Chris­

tina Henriks. _Jacob and Maria Forsman’s Daniel, born on September 9, baptised on the
21st. Godparents: Samuel Von Jman, Jacob Forsman, Debora von Jmari,Elena Kock.

[257]



Peter and Elena Justice’s Andreas, born on September 29, baptised on Octo­
ber 5. Godparents: Andreas Stalcop, Nils Justice, Maria von Jman, Cath.
Halton.

Peter and Cathrina Dahlbo’s Sara, born on October 3, baptised on the 5th.
Godparents: Gunnar Arian, Lars Lock, Betty Helm, Beata Lock.

Ake and Elizabeth Helm’s Andreas, born on September 25, baptised on Octo­
ber 5. Godparents: Peter Tranberg, Anna Cathrina Tranberg, Sara Keen.

Anders and Malin Dahlbo’s Daniel, born on December 5, baptised on the 25th.
Godparents: Jons Halton, Carl Halton, Cath. Halton, Cath. Dahlbo.

John Slaughter and Mali Slaughter’s Elizabeth, born on December 5, baptised
on the 28th. Godparents: Petter Guarron, Paul Guarren, Christina String,
Betty String.

RACOON ANNO 1730
David and Susi Kock’s Ezechiel, born on December 24, 1729, baptised on

January 4. Godparents: John Niclas, Frenne Kock, Margret String, Maria
Lycon.

Benjamin Liddon, born in 1713, on March 16, baptised on January 4. Wit­
nesses: Michel Hoffman, Enok Enokson.

John and Annicka Cherregen’s Fredrick, born on March 1, baptised on the 3rd.
Anders and Maria Matson’s Peter, born on February 22, baptised on March 3.

Godparents: William Cobb, Erik Runolls, Christina Dedriks, MariaRunols.
Jonas and Sara Kock’s Marget, born on February 19, baptised on March 15.

Godparents: Israel Lock, Samuel Cobb, Elena Dahlberg, Debora Rambo.
Anders and Cathrina Enok’s Prisilla, born on March 17, baptised on the 29th.

Godparents: Enok Enokson, Marget Enoks, Elena Jonson.
Peter and Anna Cath. Tranberg’s Rebecka born on June 23rd.136
Alexander and Britta King’s Elizabeth, born on March 14, baptised on the

29th. Godparents: John Hoffman, Carl Lock, Maria Culen, Maria Lock.
Erik and Margret Mullicka’s Erik, born on May 1, christened on the 10th.

Godparents: Stephan Mullicka, Erik Ronolls, Maria Forsman, Christina
Halton.

John and Maria Guillmor’s Cathrina, born on April 18, baptised on May 10.
Godparents: Lars Hoffman, Mali Hoffman, Britta Stillman.

Zacharias and Malin Petersson’s Britta, born on August 26, 1729,baptised on
May 18. Godparents: Jacob Danielson, Jacob Matson, Regina Henriks,
Malin Petersson.

Lars and Cathrina Petersson’s Samuel, born on May 3, 1722,baptised on the
18th. Godparents: Mattias Martenson, Elena Justice.

Lars and Cathrina Petersson’s Maria, born on June 1, 1725,baptised on May
18. Godparents: Johannes Hoffman and Cath. Hoffman.

Lars and Cath. Petersson’s Marget, born on June 1, 1725,baptised on May 18.
Godparents: Pavel Hoffman, Gundela Kock,

Lars Petersson’s and Cath. Petersson’s Leddi, born on March 3‘, 1728, bap­
tised on May 18. Godparents: Gustaf Justice, Christina Denny.

Thomas and Anna Bond’s Anna, born on January 1, baptised on May 29.
Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Christina Dedriks, Christina Lundbeck.

Peter and Anna Cathrina Tranberg’s Rebecka, born on June 3, baptised on
the 7th. Godparents: Colonell Rolf, Captain Vining, Mrs. Hollbrook, Eliz­
abeth Keen.

Gustaf and Annicka Justice’s Cathrina, born on August 15, baptised on the
23rd. Godparents: Jons Halton, Erik Keen, Cath. Hoffman, Maria Hoffman.

John and Annicka Mullicka’s Christina, born on October 15, baptised on the
18th. Godparents: Pehr Kock, Deshi von Jman, Sara Halton, Maria
Ronols.
1”“Date of birth of Tranberg’s daughter is given below as June 3rd.

[258]



Henrik and Regina Henrik’s Sara, born on November 14, baptised on Decem­
ber 6. Godparents: Garriet von Jman, Lars Lock, Armgott Cobb, BeataLock.

John and Maria Orchiet’s Jonas, born on November 22, baptised December 6.
Godparents: Carl Lock, Pavel Guarron, Cath. Halton, Maria Ronols.

Dishi and Debora Von Jman’s Debora, born and baptised on December 20.
Godparents: The Parents themselves.

Anders and Christina Stalcop’s Johannes, born on December 15, baptised on
the 27th. Godparents: Lorens Holsten, Lars Hoffman, Helena Barber,Christ. Pe‘tersson.

RACOON ANNO 1731

Joseph and Elizabeth Leddon’s Henrik, baptised on January 17, born on April
15, 1715.Godparents were the Parents themselves.

Item on the 17th of the same month baptised Mary Leddon, born on February
5, 1720.Godparents: The Parents themselves.

Anders and Mary Hofi‘man’s Abraham, born on January 30, christened on
February 3rd. Godparents: Gustaf Justice. Nils Justice, Annicka Justice.

Carl and Sara Halton’s Magdlena, born on February 26, baptised on the 28th.
‘Godparents: James Halton, Lars Pavelson, Christina Hoffman, Elizabeth
Guarron.

Thomas and Maria Denny’s Twins, Samuel and Debora, born on March 11,
christened on the 13th. The former’s Godparents: Johannes Hoffman,
Samuel Cabb, Armgott Cabb, Malin Peterson. The Lat‘ter’s [godparents]:
Manna Dedrikson, William Cabb, Annicka Justice, Elena Dedriks.

Hakan and Elizabeth Helm’s Gabriel, born on March 6, baptised on the 14th.
Godparents: Jons Halton, Carl Lock, Cathrina Halton, Maria Lock.

Johan and Elizabeth Georgon’s Johannes, born on March 25, baptised on
April 4. Godparents: Stephan Mullicka, Lars Pawelson, Mary Enocks,

I Mary Guarom.
"Matthias and July Matts0n’s Olof, born on April 8, baptised on the 18th. God­

parents: Olof Culen, John Swenson, Catharina Halton, Maria Culen.
Bartholom and Mary Suply’s Aron, born on March 23, baptised on April 21.

Godparents: Jacob Lundbeck, Christina Lundbeck.
Israel and Rebecka Helm’s Sara, born on April 3, baptised on the 21st. God­

parents: Anders Mattson, Gabriel Peterson, Diana Holten, Beata Lock.
Par and Maria Kock’s Marta, born on April 7, baptised on the 23rd. God­

parents: John Mullicka, Andrew Enoks, Catharina Hoffman, ElizabethGuarron.
Johan and Catharina Hoffman’s Gabriel, born on May 18, baptised on June 6.

Godparents: Jacob Forsman, Swen Lock, Annicka Justice, Christina
Halton.

Israel and Rebecka Lock’s Hermanus, born on July 15, baptised on August 1.
Godparents: William Cabb, Lars Lock, Regina Henriks, Catharina Hoff­
man.

Richerd and Cathrina Lorrence’s Israel, born on August 1, baptised on the
25th. Godparents: Anty Hoffman, Maria Halton, Christina Halton.

John and Maria Fisk’s Casparus, born on August 15, baptised on the 29th.
Godparents: Gustaf Lock, Caspar Fisk, Anna Mullica, Dina Fisk.

William and Armgott Cabb’s Sara, born on August 24, baptised on the 29th.
Godparents: William Cabb, and Erik Keen, Maria Lock and Malin Keen.

Gabriel Enocks and Mary Enok’s Gabriel, born on September 21, baptised on
the 25th. Godparents: Jons Halton, Mary Mattson, Margret Enoks.

Olof and Maria Ku1en’s Rebecka, born on September 29, baptised on October
10. Godparents: William Cabb, Erik Keen, Catharina Henrikson, Sara
Friend.

[259]



Erik and Maria Ronold’s Johannes, born on October 7, baptised on the 10th.
Godparents: Johannes Helm, Gilbert Runolds, Catharina Keen, MariaRunnolds

Michael and Anna Lykon’s David, both on August 26, baptised on October 10.
Godparents: Jacob Forsman, Michael Hoffman, ‘Maria Denny, Maria Bull.

Andreas and Catharina Hoffman’s Thomas, baptised on October 24, born on
the 16th. Godparents: Pavel Giiarron, Jonas Keen, Elizabeth Guarron,Malin Keen

Pavel and Jeny Kainp’s Lars, born on October 20, baptised on the 25th. God­
parents: William Cabb, Lars Peterson, Malin Dahlbo, Maria Guarron.

Johan and Mary Keen’s William, born on September 25, baptised on October
fi3.1Godparents: Jons Halton, Samuel Cobb, Catharina Hoffman, Christinaa ton

Johan and Maria Hoffman’s Rebecka, born on October 27, baptised on No­
vember 7. Godparents: Alexander King, Johannes Hoffman, Catharina
Hoffman, and Elizabeth Keen.

Samuel and Ann En1ow’s Benjamin, born on October 12, baptised on Decem­
ber 5. Godparents: Lars Pavelson, Christina Liindbeck, Malin Peterson.

Anders and Catharina Long's Maria, born on November 15, baptised on De­
cember 19. Godparents: Maria Von Jman,137 Elena Dahlbeijg.

Jona and Sara Keen’s Mattis, born on November 15, baptised on December 26.
Godparents: Lars Strang, Alexander King, Sara Friend and Catharina
Keen.

Jacob and Maria Forsman’s Olof, born on December 23, baptised on the 26th.
Godparents: Desiderius V. Jman, Guarit Von Jman, Annicka Mattson,
Helena Denny.

RACOON ANNO DOMINI 1732
Pet[er] and Anna Cath. Tr_anberg’s Elizabeth, born on November 7.

ANNO 1733
NB. After the request made, the Minister‘ was desired to write the Records

in the English Tongue & Characters that others may have the benefit of reading
them. This was granted and beginns as fol1oweth.133

RACOON ANNO 1733
Daniel Lamson aged 13 year was baptised February 2d. Godfathers Thomas

Denny, Andrew Stalcop.
John Chester’s Daughter Prishilla was born the 4 of Decemb. & baptised 19th.

Parents witnesses.
Andrew Dahlbo’s son Israel born febr: 28, baptised —-. Witnesses John

Helm Jonas Keen Sarah Keen.
Peter Ha1ton’s Jonas born March 1st. & baptised—witnesses Gustaf Gustaf­

son, James Garron Catharine Hoffman, Cath: Keen. .
Ephraim Friend’s John born March 12, baptised, witnesses Andrew Stalcop,

Stephen Seneks Catren Rambo Mary Ronolls. '
John Ge6ron’s James born Aprill 11. Baptised. witnesses John Mullicka, Pet.

Halton, Rebecka Lock, Mary Mullicka.
Dishe Vanimans John born May 16 & baptised. Witnesses the Parents._
David Flid born March 31 & baptised. witnesses Jonas Keen and his wife.
John Davi’s Frank born Febr. 6 & baptised. Godfathers Moiunce Keen, Jacob

Matson, Judy Matson, Magd. Keen. _ _
Mary Parker aged 19 years was baptisd: August 13. Witnesses: Cath: Justls

Christian Lundbeck.
137 See note 31, above. . _ , _ _
133English in the original. Birth records from this entry to 1741 were written in English.

[260]



Charity Hult born July 24. & baptisd Sept. 23. Godfathers Willm, Culen,
Pet. Justis, Mary Culen Bridgit Henricks.

John Orchad’s Mary was born, September 23 & baptisd. Godfathers Andrevv
Hoffman, Cath. Halton.

John ‘Gelmor’s daughter Margret Gelmor born Sept: 23 & baptisd witnesses
Deshy Voniman, Mary Hoffman.

And: Orcheds Catharina born Octob. 2 & baptisd 8th. Godfathers Zach. Peters,
James Keen, Magd. Dahlbo, Mary Halton.

Israel Helm’s Hermanus born Octob. 24 & baptisd. witnesses Israel Helm,
Sara Peters, Magd: Vaniman.

Oke Helm’s Oke born Octob. 23 & baptisd. 28th, Godfathers Gabriel Enokson,
Gunnar Kock, Magd. Dahlbo & Magd. Peters.

John Jameson’s Mary born Octob. 28th Witnesses the father & Ellen Bright.
Jacob Forsman’s Abraham born Octob. 27 & baptised Octob. 30. Godfathers

Erick Mullicka Nichlas Dahlberg, Ellen Dahlberg Annicka Kock.
Mathew Farel’s Rebecka born August 30 & baptisd. Octob. 28. Witnesses

Jzabel Jsly, Rebecka Vaniman.
Henry Henry’s Regina born Novemb. 16. & Baptisd. Decem: 2d. Godfathers

Charles Lock, Otte Lock, Mary Lock, Christina Henriks.
William Williams John born Octob. 24 & baptised Decemb. 28. Witness the

Parents.

RACOON ANNO 1734
Israel Lock’s Christina, born January 3d. & baptisd. Jan. 20th. Godfathers:

Henry Henrys, Andrew Mattson & Mary Mattson, Regina Henrys.
Willm. Culens Jacob born January 9th baptisd. 20th. Godfathers Nicklas Dahl­

berg Pet. Matson, Brigitta Culen, Annicka Morten.
John Slater’s Margret, born January — 1734& baptised Jan. 20th Godf.[athers]

Andrew Streng, Margret Streng, Deborah Dedricks.
Pet. Lagemetu[’s] Susanna was born January 14, baptised 20th Godf. James

Hoffman & Betty Seneks.
Pet. Dah1bo’s Andrew born febr. 2d. & baptised. godf: Thomas Denny,

Charles Lock, Susanna Cock, Sarah Dahlbo.
Stephan Mullicka’s Annicka, born febr. 10th baptisd. 24th. Godf. Dishy Voni­

man Deborah Voniman.
Jonas Keen’s Magdlena, born febr. 13 & baptisd. 24. Godf. Erick Keen, Chris­

tian Rambo, Christian Orched.
Benjamin Wordenton’s Hannah, born March 31. Godf. John Enocks, Abra­

ham Jonss[on], Mary Forsman, Margretta Vaniman.
Richerd Lorens Mary, born March 7 & baptised April 3d. Godf: Lorens Pol­

son, Andrew Hoffman, Mary Garron & MagcL[alena] Peters.
Jonas Keens Rebecka, born March 4 & baptisd. Aprill 14 Godf: Jonas Keen,

John Enoks, Brigitta Henrys, Cath.[erine] Helm.
Paul Garron’s Catharine, born Aprill 5. baptisd. 14th. Godf: Lorens String,

Lucas Peters, Armgot Cabb, Cath:[erine] Lock.
Erik Mullickas Jonas, born 1734.April 2d. baptised 14th Godf. Gilbert Run­

nolls, Cath: Kock, Cath. Keen
Erick Runolls Rebecka born Aprill 25th, baptisd. May 5 Godf: John Hoffman

Lorens Lock, Christian Rambo, & Rebecka Hoffman.
John P1umly’s Elizabeth born March 27, baptisd. June 2d. Godf. Dishy Voni­

man, And: Mullioka, Anna Mullica & Anicka Mullicka.
Hans Hillman’s Charles -born March 5 & baptised May 5 Godf. Charles Lock

Garret Voniman, Brigitta Henriks, Cath: Stillman.
And: Mullicka’s Adam born Aprill 4, baptisd. May S Godf. Jacob Forsman

Erick Koek Ingry Mullicka and Cath. Mullicka.
Andrew Enok’s Abraham born June 21. baptisd. June 23 Godf. Lucas Peters

Peter Matson, Mary Ronolls, Mary Lock.
[261]



Andrew HoEman’s Andrew born June 25. Baptisd. 27. Godf. Johannes Gorgen
Peter Justice, Christian Orcherd Mary Hoffman.

Gustaf Justice’s Rebecka born July 12, baptisd. 14th Godf. Thomas Denny
William Cabib, Margret Justice Christian Denny.

John Nico1s’s John ‘born August 4, ubaptisd. Godf. John Enocks, Margret Enoks,
Margret String.

Carragens Twins Elizabeth & Catherine were born Sept. 7 & baptisd. Godf:
John Hoffman, Pet. Halton, Annicka Mullicka, Elizabeth Jerron.

Pet. Ha1ton’s Andrew was born Sept. 7 & haptised Sept. 15. Godf: James Jus­
tice, John Hoffman, Ellen Justice, Cath: Mullicka.

Jonas Kock’s Mary born Sept. 21. baptisd. Octob. 6. Godf. Jonas Kock Gabriel
Kock, Ellen Kock, & Cath. Kock.

Jacob ‘Mattson’s Anna Cathrina born Novemb. 11 baptised 17th Godf. Andrew
Rambo, Pet. Matson. Cath. Culen, ‘Cath. Mattson.

Erik Kock’s Erick born Novemb. 10. baptisd. 17. Godf. John Enock, Erik Kock,
Magd. Keen, Cath. Lock.

Pet. Kock’s Margret born Decemb. 1st. & baptisd. Godf. Gustav Justice Cath.
Denny, Mary Denny.

Willm. Cobbs Ellen born Novemb 30th. ubaprtisd.Decem. 5th Godf. Willm. Cobb
Gustav Justice, Christian Orched, Ellen Lock.

RACOON ANNO 1735

Lorence Hoffman Catharine born in the year 1734 Decemb. 24, baptised Febru­
ary 16. Godfathers Andrew Hoffman, Cath. Hoffman, Ellen Lock.

Andrew Long’s Ellen born Decemb. 24 1734 & baptised Febr. 16, Godfathers
Andrew Rambo, Abraham Jones, Deborah Voniman & Cath. Homman.

Lzuarret Hommans Ellena born 30 of Decemb. 1734 baptisd. 16 Feb. 1735. Godf.
Martens Mortens, Guarret Voniman, Mary Voniman & Cath. Denny.

Zacharias Peter’s Sarah born January 10th, baptisd. Jan. 12th. Godf. Zacharias
Peters, Willm. -Cabb Sarah Kean Christian Orcherd.

George Avis’s Jzabell born January 25 & baptised March 2d. Godf. Guarrit Von­
iman, Christian Voniman & Elizabeth Avis.

John Hoffman’s Margret born Aprill 12. baptisd. 20th. Godf. Andrew Hoffman,
‘Charles Lock, Mary Ronnolls, Beata Lock.

Mounce Keen’s David born Aprill 28, baptisd. May 4th Godf. Mounce Hoffman,
And Rambo, Martha Rambo, Christian Kock.

Andrew Hoffman’s Peter born Aprill 21. baptisd. May 4. Godf. Peter Matson,
Lorens Lock, Cath. Halton, Mary Denny.

Aron Huets Jzaak born February 26th baptised May 18th. ‘Godf. Jonas Kock,
Willm. Guest, Cath. Matson, ‘Christian Kock.

Peter Justice’s Peter ‘born May 22d. baptisd. 26th Godf. Jonas Keen, Fredrick
Hofman, Mary Hofman, Mary Matson.

Nils. Justices John born July 7th baptisd. July 20th. Godf. Willm. Cobb Gustav
Justice Christian Voniman, Cath. Denny.

David Kocks Joseph born July 1st. baptised August 3d. Godf. Manna Dedericks,
Enok Enockson, Ellen Orched & Elizabeth Halton.

Ephraim Friends Annicka born June 26th, baptisd. August 17, Godfathers And:
Seneks, Elizz Senek, Cath. Kock.

RACOON ANJNO 1736

Benjamin Morgans ‘Susannah born 1735 Novemb. 5th & baptisd. January 18th
1736. ‘Godfathers Gunnar Orched, Christian Dedricks.

Benjamin .Morgon’s Benjamin was born July 29, 1733; baptised January 18, 1736.
Godf. Gunnar Orched, Christian Dedricks.

Jonas Keen’s Rachel born Sept: 14 1736. baptised Sept. 21, Godf. Andrew Hoff­
man, John Helm, Elizabeth Hclm, Sarah Helm.

[262]



John Richardson’s Gunnilla born March 7th, baptised 28th January Godf. Erick
Kock, John Hoffman, Gunnella Kock, Ellena Georgon.

John Gergons Andrew born febr. 7 & baptisd. ‘12th of March Godi. John Hoff­
man, John Weeler, Ellena ‘Look,Magdlen Peters.

John Woodentonls Stephan born March 1st, baptised 21st. Godf. Peter Garron,
John Lock, Mary'Lock, Margret Mullicka.

Peter Haltons Brigit born March 21. baptisd. Aprill 4th. Godf. Peter Masson
Mary Mullicka Mary Denny.

Joseph Woods Prishilla born Aprill 12. baptisd. 16 May Godf. Peter Rambo
Erik Keen, Sarah Keen & Magdal. Keen.

/Jacob Mattson Son Jonas born 1736October [on the] 1Z[th] & baptisd. ye
14th. Sureties Peter Rambo, Erik Ronolls, Mary Mattson, Mary Dahlbo.

John Orcheds Sarah born January 7th baptisd. 12. Godfathers: Gunnar
Orched, Christian Orched, Christian Cock.

Jonas Keen’s Susanna Born June 13th baptisd. ——-Godfathers Jonas Keen John
Hoffman, Mary Dahlbo, Elizabeth Denny.

Peter Dahll)o’s Jonas born June 27th, baptised July 4th. Godf. Abraham Jones
Andrew Henricks, Swen Lock, Beata Lock, Ell_enaDedrickson, Mary Runolls.

Doct. Humphreys Daughter Mary born June 8, baptisd. 22d of July Godt. the
Parents.

Paul Gorron’s James born Septem=b.25 baptisd. 24 of Octob. Godf. John Hoff­
man James Garron Mary Hoffman.

Israel Helms Catharine born August 16th, baptisd. Octob. 3d. Godf. Ake Helm
Gustaf Homan, Cath. Helm, Mary Mattson.

Andrew iMorten’s Hannah born May 9th baptisd. Octob. 17th Godf. Parents
themselves.

Ephraim Friend’s Andrew born August 30, baptisd. Octob: 17. Godi: James
Justice Annicka Cargen, Magd. Kock.

Samuel Cobb’s Erick born Octob. 3d. & baptised 17th Godf. Erik Keen, Magd.
Peters Elizabeth Denny

Andrew HoFfman’s Jzabell born Octob. 19, baptisd. 31st Godf. Erik Runnolls
John Clark, Cath. Halton, Cath. Cabb.

John Jones’s Ellena born Octob. 23d. baptisd. 14th Godf. Gunnar Kock, Abraham
Jones, Regina ‘Henry’s Christina Kock.

Daniel Sutton’s Mary born Septemb. 11, baptisd. Novemb. 9, Surities,139 the
childs Mother & Cath. Matson.

Oke Helm’s Deborah was born November 30. baptisd. Decemb. 15, Godf. Henry
Henrys, Andrew Hoffman, Christian Rambo Mary Runolls.

Gustaf Justice Ellen born Decemb. 12; baptised 19 of Decemb: God}. Thomas
Denny, James Justice, Mary Hoffman & Cath. Cabb.

Pet. [and] Anna Cath: Tranberg’s Rachel [born on the] 9 Januari.

RACOON A. D. 1737

Willm. HolTman’s William born february .19th baptisd. March 20. Godfathers
Guarret von Iman Mary Denny & the Parents.

Jefiry Clark's Thomas born february 18, baptised March 20th. Godtathers Guar­
ret Von Iman Mary Conner, Annicka Voniman and Martha Voniman.

Abraham Lord’s Abraham born March 10th baptisd. March 20. Godfathers Jacob
Mattson, Gabriel Rambo, Judy Mattson & Mary Mattson.

John HoFfman’s Daniel born ‘March 5th baptisd. March 20th Godfathers Erik
Ronolls, Swan Lock, Mary Guarron, Ellen Gergon.

John Rein’s Elizabeth born March 4th baptised May 2. Godfathers Peter Rambo,
Margret Mullicka Mary Runolls.

139Suvitiex. It was a custom in the Swedish Lutheran.Church at the time to require god­
parents who would take it upon themselves “to.stand security for the child”, guarantee that It
would be brought up in a Christian manner, that it would never suffer want, etc.

[263]



Peter Rambo’s Magdlen born Aprill 10th baptisd. April 17th, Godfathers Erik
Runnolls, Jonas Keen, Mary Matson, & Margret Jones.

Henry Morgons Joshua born Aprill 23d, baptisd. May 22d. Godfathers Willm.
Cobb, Ellena Dedricks and the Parents.

George Howel’s Ann born Aprill 1st. baptisd. :. Godfather and Godmother
the Parents.

Item his son Jsaak born 17 Decemb. 1735 baptisd. May 22d. 1737 SuritiesParents.
John Richerdson’s Elizabeth born May 14th, baptisd. May 20th Godfathers Jacob

Forsman, John Richardson, Magdalen Mullicka Magdalen Kock.
George Ave’s’s Son George born March 26, baptised 19 of June, Godfather

Thomas Denny, Mary Hoffman, Rebecka Voniman.
Peter Justice[’s] Brigitta born July 18th baptised July 24, Surities Andrew Hoff­

man, Morten Stille, Ellen Kock, Ellen Gergen.
Hans Stillman’s Daniel born August 10th. baptisd. Decemb. 25th. Surities Andrew

Hoffman, Mary Helm.
Stephan Mullicka’s Jonas born August 14th baptisd. December 25. Godfathers,

Gunnar Kock, Peter Kock, Magdlen Mullicka Mary Dahlbo.
Andrew Enok’s John born August 18, baptisd. —— Surities Gunnar Orched,

Christian Kock, Deborah Dedricks.
Mounce Keen’s Mounce born Octob. 8 & baptisd. Octob. 9th.
Erick Keen’s Mary born Octob. 17 baptisd. Octob. 29, Surities Jonas Keen, Peter

Mattson, Catharine Cabb, Elizabeth Denny.
Robert Husbands John born Novemb. 26th baptised —— Surities Jacob Voniman

John Voniman.
Willm. Culen’s Willm. born August 12th, baptisd. —— Surities Andrew Hen­

riks Thomas Denny, Judy Mattson, Helena Justice.
RACOON A. D. 1738

Andrew Rambo’s Son Andrew born December 23, 1737 baptised January 1st.
Surities Andrew Hoffman, Erik Runolls, Mary Runolls.

Israel Lock’s Sarah born February 9th, baptisd. febr. 12. Surities Lars Lock,
Gustaf Homman, Beata Lock, Elizabeth Orherd.

Nicholas Justice’s son Niclas born December 3d. 1737. baptisd. february 25
Surities Gabriel Rambo & the Parents.

Peter Halton’s Deborah born February 7th baptisd. 26th Surities John Weeler,
Annicka Justice.

Andrew Mortin’s Annicka born January 2d. baptisd. March 12th Surities Morten
Stille Alexander King, Mary Stille, & Elizabeth Denny.

John Plumly’s Sarah born January 27th baptisd. 25 of february.
Samuel Voniman’s Deborah born March 8, baptisd. Aprill 3d. Surities John

Lock, Erik Kock, Cath. Richerdson & Ellena Lock.
Willm. Guarrets Twins Thomas & Margret born August 4th baptisd. 13. Surities

Willm. Cobb, Willm. Denny, Erik Dedrickson, Joseph Ballengen, Helena
Dedricks, Elizabeth Denny, Sarah Keen, Cath. Keen.

Daniel Suttons Elizabeth born September 23, baptisd. 21 of Octob. Surities the
childs mother & Ellen Voniman.

Guarret Vonimans Mary was born December 6th. baptisd. — Surities Willm.
Jsly, Jeffry Clark, Rebecka Voniman Cath. Halton.

RACOON A. D. 1739

Jonas Keen’s William born January 27th, baptisd. Aprill 1st. Surities And.
Dahlbo, Ellena Voniman, Susanna Keen.

Peter Kocks Valentine born January 14th, baptisd. Surities Gunnar Kock,
And. Lock, Christian Kock, Cath. Lock. _ _ ' _

Willm. Culen’s Sarah born March 30th, baptisd. Aprill 15. Surities Erik Runolls,
Jonas Lock, Regina Henrys, Rebecka Hindrys.

[264]



Frans Gervis’s John born March 31, baptisd. Aprill 15. Surities Morton Stille
Swan Lock, Mary Reim & Christian Cobb.

Lars Hofi‘man’s son Fredrick born February 15, baptisd. 15th. Surities Erik.
Kock, Mary Stillman, Magdlen Kock.

Mounce Keen’s Jones born Aprill 7th baptisd. —— Surities Willm. Voniman
& John Hoffman, Helena Voniman, Sarah Keen.

Peter Rambo’s Gabriel born Aprill 19 baptisd. 23d. Surities Gilbert Runolls
Lars Lock, Els Hillman Malg. Smith.

Andrew Hofi‘man’s Jonathan born March 21st. baptisd. 23 Aprill Surities
Morten Stille, Fredrick Hofman, Gunnilla Jones, Ellena Dedricks.

Andrew Hoffman’s Noah born March 5th, baptisd. 18th Surities John Orched,
Willni. Denny, Elena Denny & Christian Voniman.

Jacob Forsm_an’s Mary born January 10th. baptisd. January 20th. Surities
Willm. Cobb, John Lock, Margret Jones.

John Richedson’s Marg. born January 14th, baptisd. 21st. Surities, Willm.
Kock, Gustaf Justice, Mary Voniman, Helena Voniman.

John Orched’s John born January ye. 4th, baptisd. Jan: 7. Surities Gunnar
Kock, Erik Kock, Margret Mullicka Elizabeth Orched.

Israel Helm’s Mary born Decemb. 20, baptisd. Febr: 4th.
John HoFEman’sJohn born February 16th, baptisd. 18th Surities Jacob Fors­

man, James Garron, Cath. Keen, Mary Stille.
Erik Runolls Rachel born february 12th, baptisd. 18th Surities Andrew

Henrys, Charles Lock, Margret Mullicka Elizabeth Keen.
Lars PoveIson’s Brigitta born January 20th, baptisd. 4 of March. Surities

James Garron, John Hoffman, Ellena Voniman, Ingrid Camp.
Pet. Dah1bo’s Peter born february 28, baptisd. March 4th. Surities Gunnar

Kock, Jesper Lock, Cath. Justice Christian Henrys.
RACOON A. D. 1740

Gabriel Friends Rebecka born Aprill 13th. 1723& baptisd. of Mr. Humphrey
in Chester County.

Gabriels Friends Mary born Aprill 13, 1726, & baptised of Mr. Hesselius
Surities Charles Grant, John Culen, Cath. Boon, Annicka Boon.

Gabriel Friends Gabriel born Aprill 19 1728,baptisd. of Mr. Lidman in Chester
County. Surities Mr. Lidman, George Culen, Margret Culen.

Gabriel Friend’s John born Aprill 5th 1703,baptisd of Mr. Backhouse in Ches­
ter Surities John Backhouse, Willm. Treehaven Cath. Treehaven.

1740 Andrew Morten’s son ‘George Morten born 23 of february, baptisd.
March 30. Surities, Jacob Mattson, Willm. Culen, Mary Culen, & MaryMattson.

Morten Stil1e’s Johannes born March 2d, baptisd. March 9th. Surities James
Halton, Elizabeth Denny, Erik Keen, Mary Garret.

Zacharias Peter’s son Zacharias born February 28th baptisd. March 9th.
Surities James Halton, Erik, Kock, Elizabeth Denny, Mary Mullikca.

Abraham Mullica born December 14, 1739, & baptisd. March 9th, 1740.
John Jemeson born 1740 June 12 & baptisd. Surities the childs father and

John Wood.
Niclas Justice’s son Andrew was born 1740& baptisd. July 3d. Surities John

Joffman & Mary Mullicka.
Peter Justice’s Rebeckah born Decemb. 7th & baptisd. —— Surities Jesper

Lock, Erik Dedrickson, Mary Mattson Elizabeth Denny.
Erik Kocks, Lars born December 4 baptisd, ye 14th Surities Richerd Longoker

Hans Gergon, Mary Longoker, Magdlen Kock.
RACOON 1741

1741 Joseph Woods Catharine born Decemb. 26 1740 & _baptisd ye 26 of March
1741. Surities Erik Dedrickson, Mounce Keen, Christian Cabb, E112.Lock.

[265]



John HoEman’s Prissitta [Priscilla?] born 27. of March 1741.baptisd. Aprill
26 1741.Surities Thomas Denny, Elizabeth Denny, Sussanna Hoffman.

John Richedson’s Joseph born March 16, 1741. baptisd. Aprill 26 1741 Surities
Thomas Denny, Elizabeth Kock, Elizabeth Forsman.

Andrew Long's Jonathan born 3d of December 1740. baptisd. Aprill 26, 1741.
Sureties Jonas Kock, Cath. Rambo, Mary Lock.

Pet. Rambo’s ‘Martha born June 12th 1741; baptisd. June 21. Sureties Alex­
ander King, John Mattson, Elizabeth Helm, Lydia Mattson.

Pet. and Anna Cath. Transbergs son Peter born January ye 15th.
Jacob Richman’s son John born January 1st. 1737& baptisd.
Jacob Richman’s son Mattias born 23 December 1739 & baptised.
Jacob Richman’s daughter Lydia born March 22d 1741& baptised.
At the house of Dickeson baptised 1741.May 29 following children

Ann Moddy born 1731.September 2d.
John Fenik Dickeson born 1726.May 2d.

Joseph Fenick Dickeson born 1728 June 22d. hAbraham Fenik Dickeson born 1731.Febr. llt . - ­
Isaak Fenick Dickeson born 1732/3 March 10th. Suit-;1te1"r)':Se1;f1erSent5Isabel Fenick Dickeson born 1736March 15th. '
Ellenor Fenick Dickeson born 1737May 17th.
Thomas Murphey born 17fl March 10th

41

John Killy born 1734. August 25th.
Maleky Killy born 1737. Septemb. 4th.
George Killy born 1740 March 24.

41 Surities Parents themselves
Rachel Dickeson born 1736. feb. 12. for want of othe1—5_
Thomas Dickeson born 1739 January 15th.
George Dickeson born 17fl febr. 15.

41

RACOON AND PEN’S NECK, 1741, 1742

1741

Justa Justason’s Elizabeth, was born Sept. 30, Baptised Nov. 5.
Simon Kriesman’s Maria Cathrin, baptised Novemb. 9., at the Glasshouse.
Item, two children baptised at Geo. Hochscieldt’s, viz. Johan Martin, and

Johan Jacob, Nov. 10. at Cohansie.

1742

Olof .Malander’s Deborah, was born at Piles Grove, Febr. 23, baptised March
10, 1741/2.

Heinrich Rotgab’s Johan Georg, baptised March 9
Mathias Keiger’s Susanna Cathrin, March 9
Johan Georg Couger’s Eva Maria, March 9 ­
Philip Sauter’s Hans Peter at Cohanslemo
Hans Georg Hochschieldt’s Johan Heinrich, baptised May 17
——Hochschieldt’s, Senior’s Johan Adam

14° Cohansy

[266]



Laurence Juranson’s Lydia, baptised Nov 22, 1741,at Pen’s Neck, dead.
Sale [Sally] Keen. Born on the 2nd Day of may, 1737.
Moses Keen. Born on the 21st Day of march, 1739/40.
John Keen. Born on the 4th Day of July, 1742.
Nicolas Keen. Born on the 24th Day of Desember 1744.
Biniaman [Benjamin] Keen. Born on the 7th of febervary141 1744. 1747.

PENSNECK 1742, 1743
Children Baptised by Mr. Gabr: Falck & here to be Recorded.

1742.Sept. 15th Sarah, daughter to Tobit & Elizabeth Copner.
Abraham, son to John & Christine Philpot.
Benjamin, son to John & Anne Marshall.

17th Elizabeth, D[aughter] to Matthias & Mary Dervas.
Anne, D. to Peter & Catharine Bilderback.
Prudence, Bastard-Child, the Mothers name Catharine Buckly.

ye 19th Mary, in the House of Archibald Taylor, Mr. Daniel Bilderback.
William S. to Walter & Christine Joyce.

Oct ye. 20th Samuel Copner, aged 21 years.
Rachel D. Patrick & Catharine Has.

Nov: ye. 5th Mary, D. to Cornelius & Margareth Copner.
1743. Jan ye. 7th Thomas, born Dec: ye 28th, 1742. Son to Charles & JaneScott '
15th John Cornelius, aged 23 years.

Eleonora, D. to Andrew & Sarah Sine.
Isaac, S. to Matthias & Marget Larnbson.
Daniel, S. to John & Rebecka Richmond.
Mary Anne, D. to Thomas & Mary Elwell.

ye. 23d. Cathrine D. to Charles & Anne Cornelius, born ye. 20th. of the Same
Month.

ye. 24th. Mary, D. to John & Elizabeth M. Kenally.
Febr: ye. 4th. Tobitha, D. to Andrew & Elizabeth Holstein.
ye. 6th. Anne, D. to Jonas — Jane Stallkop.

Thomas, about 21 years of Age, Stepson to Walter & Christina Joyce.
Jane, D. to Lorenz & Mary Goranson.

ye. 9th. Margareth, 3 years old. D. to Robert & Mary Smith.
ye. 13th. Isaac, b. Jan. ye 18th S. to Gvarret & Mary Vanneeman.
ye. 21‘th.Jane, D. to John & Margareth Vanneeman.

George S. to James & Hannah Orwen.

RACOON 1749
James and Magd[a]lena Steelman’s Jeremiah, born in September, baptised on

November 10. Godparents: Niclas Keen, Hans Steelman, Sarah Steelman,
Brita Petersson.

Charles and Sarah Dahlbo’s Arnariah, born -—, baptised on November 1.
Godparents: Erick Reinolds, James Steelman, Ellena Lock, Sarah Steel­man

Thomas and Elisabeth Denny’s Rachel, born on October 30. Godparents: the
Parents, Fredrick Georgen, Cathrina Georgen.

PENSNECK 1750
Peter and Ma1;greta Dereckson’s Rebecka born —-—,baptised on March 4.

Godparents: the Parents.
John and Maria Van Neeman’s Rebecka, born on February 26, baptised on

March4. Godparents:J.
1“ Thus in the original.

[267]



George and Magd[a]lena Van Neeman’s Three daughters: Elisabeth, 4%
years, Cathrina 2% years, Gunila, 1 year old, were baptised on March 8.
Godparents: the Parents.

Don Bar’s Son, Alexander, born -*3 baptised on April 3‘.
Johan Christian’s and Elisabeth Ziren’s Daughter Elisabeth was born the

8th of May, 1757,and ‘their other daughter, Cathrina, was born the 27th of
June, 1759,and baptised by the Revd. Doct: VVrangel, in the year 1761.142

PIENJSNECK 1750
Time of Birth Time of Baptism
Month Day

Peter & Margreta Didrickson’s ‘Rebecka March 4
Feb. 26 John & ‘Maria Van Neeman’s ‘Rebecka March 4

George & Magdalena Van Neeman’s three
Daughters—Elizabeth 4 & % years Catharina
2 & %, Gunila one year old March 8

Jacob & Maria Vandever’s Margreta March 18
Alexander & Don Bar’s Alexander April 3
0101 & Elizabeth Dahlbo’s Magdlena Sept. 17
Sureties: their Parents, Cornelius Cornelius­
son & Mary Van Neman

John & Anne Philpot’s Sarah, Sureties:
the Parents Sept. 17

Eric & Margreta Johnson’s Sarah Sept. 17
Jan. 8 John & Rebecka Riehman’s William Oct. 14
Sept. 15 William & Margreta Biitle’s Barbara Nov. 11

RACOON 1750

Swen Lock’s Son, Andreas, born on February 4, baptised on the 10th. God­
parents: Jesper Lock, Gustav Lock, Ellena Georgen, Maria Hendrickson.

John and Gertrud Beesly’s Maria, born —, baptised on February 25. God­
parents: the Parents.

Peter and Cathr.[ine] Halton’s Maria, born on February 27, 1749,baptised on
February 25, 1750.Godparents: the Father, Debora Denny, Maria Justice.

Morten and Ellena Stille’s Johanna, born on March 16, baptised on the 25th.
Godparents: the Father, Thomas Denny, Elizabeth Denny, Brita Peterson.

John Didreckson’s Son, Wil[l]iam, born on May 1, Christened on the 26th.
Godparents: Israel Arched, Debora Peterson.

John and Sarah Denny's Priscilla, born in April, baptised on May 24. God­
parents: Lars and Brita Lock.

Henry and Elisabeth Liddon’s Henry, born on April 27, baptised on May 24.
Godparents: Joseph and Rebecka Stenyeard.

Charles and N. Rile’s Samuel, born on December 6, 1749,baptised on May 24.

PENKSNECK 1751

Time of Birth Time of Baptism
Month Day Month Day
Dec. 1750 12 James & N. Morries’ Simon Jan. 2
Dec. 1750 18 Jacob & N. Esler’s John Jan. 2
Jul. 1750 Jacob’s & N. Kats’ -Anna Barbara Jan. 2
Nov. 9 Jacob & Cathrina 'C0rneliuss0n’s Cathrina Nov. 11

Surities: John & Helena Mounceson
Nov. William & Christian Van Neeman’s Alexander

1“ These birth records were obviousl inserted at a later date; very likely the writer made the
entry on a page which had been partially lled in 1750.

[268]



Date of birth
year month day
1750 Dec. 7

1750 Oct. 5

March 16

May 11

Febr. 13

August 16
Sept. 30
Sept. 30

Time of Birth
Month Day
Nov. 1751 26

Jan. 10

Jan. 20th
Nov. 1751 29

Feb. 19

March 18
Nov. 1751 8
Dec. 1751 28
May 6

Feb :
Feb 12

Nov. 3
Nov. 15

RACOON 1751
Date of Baptism
month day year

Peter and Magdelena Matsson’s
Helena

Jonas and Helena Denny’s Margreta
Anna Barbara, a German girl, God­

parents: the Paren'ts
Thomas and Elisabeth Denny’s

Maria
David and Eleonora Loyd’s son,

Dahlbow
Gilbert and Maria Reinold’s Walen­

tine
Mounce and Elisabeth Hoffman's

Jeremiah
John and Brigita Halton’s Joshua
Lars and Brigita Locl<’sRuth
Erick and Maria Unander’s Gustav

Godparents: Dean Israel Acre­
lius, Dean Olof Parlin, Mr.
Adolph Benzel, Mr. Mons Keen,
Mrs. Elisabeth Parlin, Madam
Sarah Porter, the Mother,
Helena Von Neeman.

PENSNECK 1752

Mary Anne, daughter of Philip & Chris­
tina Soutor

Christian & Margreta Nahels John. Sur­
rities John Suimlay (P) & Hannah
Abel

Henry & Sarah Petersons’ Helena
Michael & Margreta Harps, John Michael

at Cohansie. Surities. John Michael
& Cathrina Miller

Anne Mary, daughter of Michal & Anne
Mary Kats

John & Mary Sandelins Children John,
Jeremias, Schedick & Priscilla.

Daniel & Catharina Bilderbacks’ Hans
Peter & Cathrina Bilderbacks’ Henry
Peter & Margreta Dedricksons’ Jack
Cornelius & Anne Corneliussons’ Peter

Surrit: Peter & Anne Petersson,
Henry & Sarah Petersson.

Paul & Mary Kamps Mathias
Thomas & Elvils
Edward & Elisabeth Laurence’s Elisabeth

Surrit: Wiljam Von Neeman &
Rachel Keen

George & Anne Ejler Surrities
John [and] Maria Barbara Smith’s

Maria

[269]

Febr. 23
Febr. 23

Febr. 23

March 25

August

Octob 4

Time of Baptism
Month Day

Jan 20

Jan 20
Febr 3

Feb. 8

March 8

March 30
April 26
April 26
May 10

May 10
May 18
Jun 14

Feb. 18
Dec. 31
May 21
1753



Date of Birth
month Day
Febr. 21

1751 Sept. 25
Febr. 18
Jan. 20

Jan. 21
Febr. 25

1751 Dec. 3
1751 Nov. 14

March 1
1752. Nov. 13

Nov. 11

1751 Dec. 3

1752 Sept. 2

Time of Birth
DayMonth

Jan.

Sept
Oct
Sept
Sept
Feb
Jam
Blareh
Aprfl

April

May

Sept.

1752
1752
1752
1752

1

r—Al\)l\)l\)l\)>­ >-\OLn>->->-->4:

20

RACOON, 1752

James and Maria Tomlin’s Elisabeth
Daniel and Maria Forsman’s Margreta
Jonas and Maria Hendricl<son’s John
Walter and Cathrina Harris’ Philip

Gottfried
John and Gertrud Beesley’s John
Israel and Magdlena Halm’s Andrew
Hans and Sara Steilman’s John
Carl and Helena Lock’s Debora
John and Elisabeth Delawuh’s John
Daniel and Rebecka Adams’ Rebecka,

Godparents: The Parents
Petter and Magdlena Mau’s Jacob, God­

parents: the Parents
Vallentin and Magdlena Praght’s Marga­

retha, Godparents: the Parents.
Adam and Anna Margreth Mour’s Elisa­

beth, ‘Godparents: the Parents

PENSNECK 1753

Date of Baptism
month
March
March
March

March
April
April
Jan.
Jan.
May

Dec.

Day
12
12
15

29

-FA)dUlU1U1

24

24

Time of Baptism

George and Mary Kats’ Michael. God­
parents: Michael and Rosina Hirre­
heis, Michael Kats and Magdalena
Christein

John Bilderbach’s Wife Elizabeth
John and Elizabeth Bilderbach’s Elizabeth
Andrew and Christina Standley’s Jane
Oliver and Cathrina Webb’s Mary
Peter and Anna Petersson’s Sarah
Lars and —— Ha1ton’s
Daniel and Rebecka Dahlbo’s Cathrina
Olof and Elizabeth Dahlbo’s Cathrina
Gottfried and Maria Lisa Lauren’s Anna

Maria Cathrina. Godparents: William
Contryman, Abr. Zimmerman, Anna
Zimmerman, Anna Cath. Contryman,
Anna Margreta Reis

Peter and Mary Marget’s Adam. God­
parents: Adam and Barbara Lie­
berger

Friedrick and Hannah Brita Baker’s Mary
Magdlena. Godparentsz George Stan­
ten, Henry Ejler, Mary Ejler, Magd­
lena Ponharten

Philip and Cath. Mintz’ Adam. Godpar­
ents: Adam Leiberger and the Par­
ents.

[2701

Month

Jan,
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
March
March
March

May

June

June

Oct.

Day

r->—a>—A>—«>—-»-pa»-A o-)-rd-J:-J>-J>-lk-P-l\)



\

Date of Birth
Year Month Day

1746
1749
1748
1751
1752
1752
1753
1752

1730
1725
1730
1733
1740

1742

1752

1750

1752

1749

1750

1752

1752

‘1749

March
Sept.
Febr.
Sept.
Dec.
Dec.
Jan.
Dec.

March

March

May
April
Febr.
Febr.
Febr.
Nov.

Sept.

Dec.

Dec.

March

Dec.

Jan.

July
Nov.

S'ept.

April

May
March

Dec.

Octob.

8
30
12

16

RACOON 1753

John Richardson, nearly 40 years old
Joseph Richardson, 35 or 36 years old
Benjamin Richardson, 32 or 33 years old
John Sweeten, 22 or 23 years old.
Charles & Mary Slaid’s Philip
Charles & Mary Slaid’s Ruth
Robert and Anna Monjon’s Sarah
Robert and Anna Monjon’s Mary Anna
Joseph and Maria Richardson’s Johanna
Thomas and Cathrina Chester’s Samuel
Eric and Elisabet Coke’s Hance
Jeremia and Maria Burch’s Hannah, God­

parents: the Parents
Robert and Abigail Turner’s Maryall,

Godparents: the Parents
Daniel and Rebecka F6rssman’s Daniel.

Godparents: the Mother, And. Hoff­
man

John Tomlin
Elizabeth Tomlin, his wife
Maria Thomas, her Husband, a Quaker.
John Wilkinson
Marta Chester, a maiden
Marta Thomas, Daughter of Absalom and

Maria Thomas
Joseph Jackson, Godparents: Martin and

Maria Tomlin
Henry and Elisabeth Liddon’s Johanna.

Godparents: the Parents
Elisabeth Clark’s daughter, Maria Flan.

Godparents: the Mother, Wil. Wiks
Marrieddi and Elisabeth Jones’ Debora.

Godparents: the Mother.
Peter and Margrita Cox’ Jacob. Godpar­

ents: the mother
Martin and Maria Tomlin’s Elishu. God­

parents: the Parents
John and Elisabeth Tomlin’s Elisabeth.

Godparents: the Parents
John and Elisabeth Tomlin’s

-Godparents: the Parents
John and Elisabeth Tomlin’s

Godparents, the Parents
Absalom and Maria Thomas’s Ephraim.

Godparents: the Mother
Erick and N. Mou1ika’sJohn. Godparents:

And. Hoffman
Charles and Anna Reily’s Elisabeth. God­

parents: the Parents
John and Hannah Herwind’s Maria. God­

parents: the Parents
Jacob and Cathrina Ruchman’s William,

Godparents: Judith Matson and Par­
ents. ‘

[271]

Mathew.

Drusilla.

Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.

May

May

May
May
May
May
May
May

May

May

May

May

May

May

May

May

May

May

May

Aug.

May

Aug.

Date of Baptism
Month Day

21
24
24
24
24
24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

24

1 1

1 1

12



Time of Birth
Year ‘Month Day
1751 Oct. 20

1753 Sept. 10

May 11

June 14

Aug. 15

Time of Birth
Year Month Day

April 21

1753 Nov. 2

March 8

1730 March 25
1754 May 11

1754 July 10

1752 June 18

RECORD
Date of Birth

Year Month Day
1754 Jan. 4

1753 Nov. 22

1753 Dec. 5

1753 June 22

1754 Feb. 8

Jacob and Cath. Richman’s Maria. God­
parents: Mr. Olof Parlyn and Elisa­
beth Parlin.

Johan and Susannah Helm’s Hans, God­
parents: Johan Steelman and the
Parents.

Johan and Maria Von Neeman’s Elisa­
beth, Godparents: the Parents

Patrick and Cathrina M’lain’s Daniel,
Godparents: the Parents

Erik and Maria Unander’s Christina
Lydia. Godparents: Mr. Gustav Hes­
selius, Dean in Weto, in Sweden, the
Rev. Joh. Novelius, Mr. Johan Hes­
selius

PENSNECK 1754

Cornelius and Anne Corneliusson’s John
Godparents: John Mounceson, Thom­
as Carney

Cornelius and Caspar’s Sarah. Godpar­
ents: William Bitly, Sr. and the
Mother

William and Pri1chet’s Mary Godparents:
the Parents

A Quaker, John Ambler
John and Elsa Gill Johnson’s Elsa God­

parents: the Parents and Erick Gill
Johnson

George and Anna Ejler’s Stephen Suri­
ties: Henry Ejler, Christina Sack

Henry and Elizabeth Faver’s child, George
Godparents: Cathrina Baker and Jo­
seph Fadder, Margr-eta Gam

OF BIRTHS‘ AND BAPTISMS IN RACOON, 1754

Time of Baptism
Month Day

Aug. 12

Oct. 8

Oct. 8

Oct. 8

Time of Baptism
Month Day

April 21

April 21

April 21
Sept. 8
Sept. 22

Oct. 29

Oct. 29

Date of Baptism

Hinrich and Maria Crip’s Catharina, God­
parents: Jonas Lock, Jesper Lock,
Helena Lock, Magl.[Magdalena] Keen

Olof and Elisabeth Kock’s Jechonia, God­
parents: the Parents

Petter and Elisabeth Halt0n’s Helena,
‘Godparentst Joachim Reincke, the
Mother, Marta [Martha] Jones

Tobias and Brita Van Neeman’s Marga­
retha, Godparents: the Mother, Erick
Moulica and Sarah Mulica.

Lars and Cathrina Cock’s Christina, God­
parents: Lars Lock, Gabrl. [Gabriel]
Dahlbo, Christina Cox, Brita Dahlbo

[272]

Month

Jan.

Jan.

Jan.

Jan.

Feb.

Day

14

20

20

30

ll



Date of Birth Date of Baptism
Year Month Day Month Day
1754 March 3 John and Elisabeth Tomlin’s William,

Godparents: the Parents March 30
1754 March 14 Daniel and Rebecca Adams’ Daniel. God­

parents: the Parents, Zebulun Lock,
Magdlena Keen. April 14

1754 March 23 Jonas and Maria Hendrickson’s Elisabeth.
Godparents: Johan and Sarah Denny,
Gabriel Dahlbo, Susanah Keen April 14

1753 Dec. 24 Ebenezer and Brigitta Ac1am’s Ebenezer.
Godparents: the Mother, Zebulon
Lock, Beata Kock, and Rebecca
Dahlbo. April 14

1753 Dec. 22 Mounce and Elisabeth Hoffman’s Thomas.
Godparents: the Parents April 14

1754 March 31 George and Maria Griis’s Isack. Godpar—
ents: Andr. [Anders] Hoffman, Edward
Laurence, Isabella Hoffman April _14

1754 Feb. James and Maria White’s Samuel. God- April 15
parents: the Parents.

1755 March 13 Garret & Mary Cavender’s Susanna
1759 March 5 Garret & Mary Cavener’s George Aug. 20 1762
1762 Aug. 13 Garret & Mary Cavener’s Wiljame [Wil­

liam] Aug. 20 1762

[RACCOON]
<Sely, born 1738 May the 2nd.

Monce & Sarah Keen’s Moses, born 1740 March 21st.
John, born 1742 July 4th.

John & Rachel Keen’s Christian, born 174- December the 6th.
Nicolas, B. Dec. ye 24th, 1744. S. [on] to Mounce & Sarah Keen.
Benjamin, B. fe-br. ye 7th, 1747. P.[arents] Mounce & Sarah Keen.
N.B. Peter Keens three S'ons with his first wife, a friend, [Quaker?] not yet

baptized, but their age, upon his desire, still here recorded. viz.
Elijah, B. Oct: the 22nd 1748.
Peter, B. Aug: the 27th 1752.
Daniel, B. April the 15th 1755.

His present wife, Cathrine Keen, is born May the 23d, 1742.

RACOON, 1756
1730 Nov. 8 John Keeper’s Wife, Elisabeth, 26 years

01
5

d.
1753 June John and Elisabeth Keeper's Thomas.
1755 Jan. 29 John and Elis. Keeper’s Elisabeth.

RAOOON 1761

BAPTISMS OF THOSE CHILDREN WHO WERE [BAPTISED BY}
The Revd. Mr. John abr. Lidenius in the year before—Racoon.

Dec: Andrew & Mary Matssons Mary B. Dec: the 2d 1761. S. Deb: Angelou.
Willm. & Mary Englands Elias B. March the 11th 1760 S. Sarah Steelman.
Andrew Andrew & Mary Jones, ‘Mary. B. May the 18th 1760.
Jones Andrew and Mary Jones William B. Jan: the 14th 1762.
Children Andrew & Mar; Jones, Rebecka B. May the 1 1766.

[273]



BAPTISED of the Revd. Doct: Wrangel and Pastor Loci [before] my
arrival and accession to the Ministry in these Congregations.143

RACOON 1762

Church—record over ‘persons and children being baptized in Racoon Pens­
neck, Mauritzes River and Salem Congregations from the first day & introduc­
tion to my Ministerial rfunctions in the aforesaid Congregations which happined
to be the 11th day of July 1762. ‘Wherein the big letter B. signifieth Born, the
small letter b. baptized, P. Parents S. Surities as followeth.

‘Baptisms in Ra[c]oon from the 11th July 1762, to the end of the same year,
wherein the children or persons baptized at Mauritzes River will be set down
with a marck of MR. in Margine.144

1762
This Col­
umn sheweth
the time when
baptized. ——
1762
July Jonas & Eleanora Denneys ‘G. Wiljame, B. the 9th June 1762. b.

11th July 1762. S. P. themselfs.
llth. Joseph & Mary ‘Richards Isac, B. ye 17th maji 1762. S. Isac Justice.

Jacob 81:M]ary Archets Jacob B. ye 14 June 1762. S. the P. thenis:[se ves .

Abram & glachel Matssons Hannah B. ye 13th June 1762. S. they[the] .
llth. John & Sary Locks ‘Cathrine B. ye 13th June 1762 S. John Wicksell

vice Pastor, loci .& Regina van Neuman.
August

Jacob & Anne Johnsons Jacob. B. July ye 10th 1762 S. they P.
the 1st Andrew & Mary Johnses Wiljame B. January ye 14th 1762. S.

they P.
John & Sary Denneys Isac B. July the 22nd S. Lars Lock & Deborah

Denny.
Sept: _
ye 12th. Thomas & Marta FlSCl'1€I'SThomas B. July ye 30th 1762. S. George

& Mary ‘Catt.
20th. Peter & Cathrine Keens Elisabet B. April ye 3 1762. S. they P.

Moses & Sary Locks Emy B. Oct: ye 27th 1760 & Israel B. Sept.
ye 3rd 1762. S. they P.

Niclas & Elisabet Keens Rebecka B. May ye 4th 1762. S. P.
Oct
the 28th. Job rRamford B. Oct: ye 27th 1737 and the same day his wife Mary

Ramford. B. Oct: ye 23d 1735.
Job & Mary Ramtfords Anne 1B. Sept ye 7th 1761 S. P.

24th Wiljame & Britta Homans Vandewar B. Oct: ye 19th 1762. S.
Fran[c]is Auers, Magdlene Linch & Britta Lock.

Nov. the
15th. John & Susanah Cables Jacob B. ye 8th Nov: 1762. S—«P.
21 Robert & Marta Padricks Robert B. April ye 15th 1762. S. the

mother.
Decemb.
the 5th Benjamin & Deborah Engelous Aukenius B. Oct: ye 27th 1762. S. P.

Barthol & Elisabeth Supplys Garret B. Nov: ye 25th 1762. S. P.

143The list of baptisms is missing. _1“ Wicksell’s baptismal records (1762-1773) are in English in the original.

[274]



9th.

Decemb.
the 26th.

Nov. the
1st.

Dec: 12th.

25th.

1763
January
the 7th.

Maride & Elisabet Jones. Abram B. Nov: ye 11th 1762. S. Sally
Lock.

Andrew & Debora Locks Isaac B. June ye 2d. 1761. S. Hance Urian
(Rapapo) & Drusilla Lock.

John & Mary Amblys Edeth B. Feb: ye 20th 1762.
Philip & Susannah Eulers Margreta ‘B. Aug: ye 18th 1762. S. Leon­

hard & Marget Kam.
Charles & Betty Kocks John B. Dec: ye 20th 1762. S. John Wick­

sell V. P. loci & Regina van Neuman.
PENSNECK 1762

Niclas & Marget Nilssons —— B. ye 2d April 1762. S. they P.
themselves.

Laurens & Elisab: Haltens Drusilla B. ye 19th of June 1762. S. P.
Wiljame & Elis: Dalbous Regina B. May ye 14th 1762.

Patrick & Cathrine Doffye Abram, B. June ye 15th 1762. S. they P.
Andrew & Patience Hoppmans Maria, B. Aug: ye 22. 1762. S.

Cath: Taylor.

John & Anne Penningtons Rebecka B. Feb. ye 18th 1762. S. they P.
Jacob & Susanah Howells Elisabet. B. March ye 28th 1762. S. they P.
John & Rebecka Hickmons John. B. March ye 15th 1762. S. they P.
Hance & Anne Sears Else B, January ye 22. 1762. S. they P.
Andrew & Cathrine Standlys Senex B. Feb. ye 4th 1762. S. they P.

Jacob & Ester Catts Michel. B. July ye 7th 1762. S. they P.

Gabriel & Marget Trollingers Sary. B. Jan. ye 19th 1760. & her
brother Philip B. May ye 4th 1762. S. they P.

Abram & wGunillsJones Abram B. Jan: ye 8th 1759 S. they P.
Jonas & Helena Hoffmans Eli. B. Dec: ye 30th 1761. S. they P.
Laurence & Susannah Peterssons Hinrich. B. ‘May ye 13th 1761.
Philip & Cath: Grace Wiljame B. April ye 12th 1761 S.—~P.
John & Sary ‘Cobbs Jonathan B. June ye 4th 1759. S. — P.
Friedrich & Helena Cobbs ‘Christopher B. Sept: ye 1st. 1760. S.-—P.
Dito Prudence B. Jan. ye 26th 1758. S~P.
Daniel & Priscilla Petterssons Marta B. May ye 25. 1761 S—P.
Paul & Priscilla Cobbs Caleb B. Dec: ye 7th 1761. ‘S—P.
John & Jane Peterssons John B. May ye 8th 1761. S—P.

John & Elisabeth Hoffmans Mary B. April ye 5. 1760 S—P.
Gabriel & ‘Rachel Van Neumans ‘Gabriel B. May ye 12th 1760. S—P.

George &7Mary Meyers ‘Charles B. Aug. ye 31. 1756 Mary B. may1st. 1 62.
John & Susy Erichssons John B. Aug. ye 13 1762. S.—P.
John & Marget Dickssons Marget B. Nov: ye 30th 1760. S.P.
Eduard & Jane Tests Priscilla B. Oct: ye 28th 1762. S.—P.
John & Elisabet Thomssons Elisabeth B. Nov. ye 29th 1761. S—P.
Baptized Sary Bremen, full grown, did not know her age.

RACO ON 1763

Andrew & Cathrine Balls Prudens. B. ye 5th 1762. S. Wiljame and
Elisabet Tuff. & Elisabet Senex.

27



8th.

June the
21st.

MR. 26th.

27th.

1763.
January
the 23d.

Feb. the
19th.
20th.

23d.

March the
16th.
20th.

the 22d.

25th.
May the
15th.

Samuel & Jane Greflins Sary B. Sept: ye 8th 1762. S. Elis. Prise.

Hendrick & Sary Hindrichssons Hindritte. B. Feb: ye 6th 1763 S.
Lars & Britta Lock & Elisab: I-iindrichson. his youngest son
Hindrich B. Feb: ye 13th 1761. Bapt: of Mr. Wrangel D.D.
the last year.

Antony & Regina Taylors Regina B. Dec: ye 12th 1762. S.P.

James & «Cathrine Clarcks Wiljame. B. Dec: ye 14th 1762. S.P.
Linnert & Mary Stantens ‘Linnert B. Feb: ye 21 1763. S.P.
Zacharia & Rachel S-chaus Sary B. March ye 12th 1763. S. Gilb:

& Elisabet Runalls.

Joseph Caremon 30 years old. died the 8th after.
Erich & Anne Cath: Mullikas Sary. B. March ye 29th 1763. S.Abr: Matsson.

Robbert & Mary Kragheads Elisabet B. May ye 9th 1761.
dito their Rebecka B. March ye 14th 1763. S. the mother only.
Hugh & Mary Forbes Anne. B. April ye 23d. 1761.
dito their son James B. April ye 26th 1763.
John & Rebecka Strengs Sary. B. March ye 29th 1763. S. Isac

Justiss & Rebecka Strang.
Thomas & Christine Clercks Nanzy B. March ye 4th 1763.

Francis & Anne Battins Thomas. B. Jan: ye 29th 1737. His brother
Richard B. June the 19th 1740

Lawrence & Susannah Peterssons Wiljame B. Feb. ye 18th 1763.
Daniel & Priscilla Peterssons Absalon B. May ye 15th 1763.
David & Mehatable Van Neumans Richard B. Jan: ye 24th 1761.
Samuel & Sary van Neumans Lucas B. March ye 8th 1759. his sys­

ter their Cathrine B. March ye 15th 1762. S.P.
Abram & Grace Masslanders Wiljame B. Aug: ye 18th 1756. their

Abram B. May ye 30th 1757. their Cherin B. June ye 20th 1759.
Gipson & Hannah Worells Lowis B. Aug: ye 23d. 1757. their Han­

nah B. July ye 25th 1762.

PEN:SNE‘CK 1763

Senex & Mary Senexes John B. -Dec: ye 25th 1762. S. Anne van
Neuman.

Andrew & Mary van Neumans Mary B. Feb: ye 10th 1763. S.P.
James & Mary Thomases John ‘B. Jan: ye 23d. 1761. S.P.
Joseph & ‘Marta Allmans Anne Sept: ye 25th 1762. S.P.
Francis & Abellona Readkaps George Leonhard. B. Feb. ye 9th

1763. S. George Linnert.

Jeremia & Britta Allens ‘Mary B. Sept. ye 11th 1762. S.P.
Ehrent & Elisabz Biedles Esaia. B. March ye first 1763& his brother

‘George B. Feb: ye 9th ‘1761.of the Revd. Mr. Wrangel D.D.
Mathias & Anne Sulu_vans John B. July ye 18th 1762. S. the father

onl .
Peter 8}z"CathrineHaetens Elisabet. ‘B. April ye 8th 1762. S.P.

George & Anne Stantens John B. May ye 3d 1763. S.P.
[276]



June the
19th.

Salem 20th.

M.R. the 28.

29th.

July
the 3d.

July
ye 17th.
Aug:
the 31.

Sept: 25.
M.R.
Oct. 11.

Oct. 25.
Nov. the 6.

Dec 54th.
5.

18th.

19th.

27th.

July
the 10th.

John & Elisabet Bilderbacks Mary B. Aug: ye 3d 1762.
Thomas & Cathrine Pattissons Elisabet B. Oct: the 19th 1761.
Mathias & Sary Lambssons Kezaia B. March ye 23d. 1762.
Joseph & .Santy Pattissons Thomas B. July ye 4th 1761.

Wiljame & Susanah Philips Mathias B. Oct. 23d. 1762.
James & Brigitte ‘Mullings Hannah r‘B. January ye 4th 1762.
Thomas & Mary Margeens Thomas -B. Sept: ye 20th 1760. His

‘brother Joseph B. Sept. the 6th 1758.
Salomon & Hannah Drapers Mary. B. Dec: the 28th 1762.

Lazarus & Alander Riggins Lazarus. B. Jan: the 2d. 1762.
Peter & Mary lMassys Samuel B. March ye 18th 1759.
John & Christine Peterssons Priscilla. B. Sept: ye 18th 1757.
Jacob & Zephaya Jamis Thomas B. Sept: ye 25 1761.
Mary Brannens Joseph Brannen B. Sept: ye 1760. the father un­

known.
Philip & Elisabet Hoopers Hindrick ‘B. Oct: ye 30th 1758.
Their Nanzy B. Feb: ye 28th 1754.
Ebenezer & Sary Riggins Benjamin B. -Nov: ye 18th 1762.
James & Elisabeth Garryns James B. Jan: ye 27th 1754.
dito their Ebaya B. April ye 8th 1756. dito their Levaysy B. Aug.

ye 17th 1759.

Dito their Urias B. Feb: ye 13th 1763.
Hance & Marget Lambssons Anne B. June ye 3d. 1763.
Conrad & Mary Caintylys Andrew B. ye 15 March 1763. S. Jacob

& Cathrine Sly.

George & Mary Starcks Cathrine B. ye 5th of Aug: 1763.
John & Mary Caremons Joseph ‘B. the 5 Oct: 1762.
Ebenaser & Debora Emssons Marget. B. ye 21 Aug: 1763.

Ebenaser & Sara Riggins Judith ‘B. Aug. ye 4th 1763.
Wiljame & ‘Mary Jorgzs Mary. B. ye 10th June 1757.
Thomas & ‘Christine Fowlers Thomas. B. ye 18th Nov: 1761.
Hance & «Barbary 'D1rquettes Peter. B. July ye 15. 1763.
Thomas & Marget Webbers Marget B. Sept: ye 18th 1763.

Jonas & ‘Lyddy Van Neumans John »B. July ye 31. 1760.

Baptized 1Elisabeth Powel. 19. years of age & married to WiljamePowe.
Jacob & ‘Cathrine Slys Jacob. B. Nov: ye 26. 1763. S. Michel &

Ursilla Catt Jacob Rather & Mary Catt.
John Ab: & Britta Lideniuses Abram Garret B. Dec: ye 15, 1763.

S. the Revd. Mr. And: Borell. John Wiksell. Andrew & Betty
van Neuman with their wifes & John Look with his wife.

John & Mary Mountains Mary. B. March ye 19th 1761. ‘S. Becky
Tailor. Their James B. Nov: ye 13th 1757.

Rocher & Junass Sherins Rebecka. B. Jan. ye 14. 1760.

RACOON 1763

Isaacs ‘& lSEl1'3.Van Neumans John B. July ye 4th 1763. S. John
Rambou, John Runnals, Mary Arrchet & Mary van Neuman.

Fredrick & Sara Urians ‘Andrew B. ye May 1763. S. Sara Kocks.
Abram & Jane Laeddens Jane b. ye 11th of June 1762.

[277]



the 24.

Aug.
the 7th.

Sept. 18th.
19th.

Oct: 16.
30th.

Nov: 27th.

the 30th.
Dec : 25.

Jan. ye 9th.

the 22d.
the 23d.
Feb: 4th.

the 6th.
the 20th.
the 28th.
March

Philip & Anne Laurences John B. ye 15th of Jan: 1763. S. Mathew
& Cathrine Phall. their Mary B. ye 31. of March 1741.

Gabril & Mary Dalbous Lyddy. B. ye 1 of April 1763.
Wiljam & Elisabeth Sweetens Wiljame B. ye 25 df Jan: {1763.
Martin & Eva Bals John B. the 7th April 1763. S. John Dendelspeck.

Jacob & Anna Leissingers Andrew. B. ye 24th April 1763. S.
Erich Bloomer

Hindrich & ‘Cathrine Streems Sara B. ye 22. July 1763 S. George
& ‘Cath. Weiser.

Melchior & Elis: Horners ‘George B. y-e 17th July 1763 S. George
Horner & Hannah Weaver.

Michel & Salome Bauers Anna Maria B. ye 1 May 1763. S. Peter
& Anna Margett.

John & Becky Homans Jacob B. ye 1. Aug: 1763 S. Noach Hopman.
Jacob & Zephaya Fishlers Hannah B. the 30th of Sept: 1749. dito

their Zephaya B. the 24. Feb. 1752. ‘Dito their Jacob B. the 8th
of March 1754. ‘Dito their Linnert .B. ye 30th of May 1756.
dito their Elisabeth B. ye 2d. of April 1758. dito their Rachel
B. 30th of March 1760. dito their Samuel B. ye 18th July 1763.
S. Lars & Britt: Lock.

Eric & Hannah <CoxesMary B. ye 28th of Aug: 1763.
Andrew & Anne Van Neumans John B. Oct. ye 20th 1763.
Jacob & Anne Pipeperts Anne Mary B. ye Sept: the 5 1763. S.

Francis & Lizy Ouers.
John & Elis: Delavoos Rachel B. Sept: ye 30th 1763. Their Anne

B. Oct: ye 16th 1761.
Thomas & Elisabeth Dennys Rebecka: B. Nov: ye 17th 1763. S.

John Rambou & «Christina Van Neuman.
Wiljame & Christine Van Neumans Wiljame. B. Oct: ye 12th 1763.
Gilbert & Mary Runalses Sara. B. Sept: ye 28th 1763.
Daniel & Judy Strengs Rebecka. B. Sept: ye 30th 1763.
Friedrich & Hannah Winholtz ‘Samuel. B. Nov: ye 26th 1763.
Jacob Homan. Sara his Sister widow Tossa 41 last 10 of Apr.
Elizabeth <Con0r 28 17 next Oct.

PENSNECK 1764

Daniel & Anne Nilssons Hannah B. June the 3d. 1763. S. Cornel:
& Anne Cornelsson.

Richard Allen a married man B. Nov. ye 5 1737 P. Thom & Han­
nah Allen.

Thom and Hannah Allens Sidony B. in March 1749.
Richard and Hannah Allens Joseph B. Oct. the 18th 1762.
John and Mary Gressys Israel B. June the 9th 1763.
Isaac & Mary Nilssons Levy. B. Decemb: ye 26th 1763.
James & Mary Thomasses Erich B. Decemb: ye 8th 1763.
Thom & Hannah Alleens Thomas ‘B. Dec: 9th 1747. and their John

B 9th of March 1748,
Thom & Marta Fishers John ‘B. Jan: the 20th 1764.
John & Jane Flyeds Jane B. Nov: ye 18th 1763.
Daniel & Mary Morssys James B. Dec. ye 11th 1763.
Peter & Elisabeth ‘Heins I-lance Georg. B. Oct. ye 23d. 1763. S.

Hance & Anne ‘Cautch.

Adalél & Elisabeth Fyx Charlotta B. Dec: ye 23. 1763. S. the sameautc .

[278]



ye 4th.

April ye 7.

the 2d.

Mr.R. 15.

the 16th.

the 23d.

the 24th.

the 6th.
June
the 11th.

the 24th.
June
the 24th.

the 25.
J uly
ye 8th.

Aug.
ye 6th.

the 26.

Salem.

Sept : 7th,
Oct. 8th.

Nov. 11th.
the 18th.

Dec. 9th.

NB.

10th.

Joseph & Mary Duquettes Nathanael B. Nov: ye 27th 1763.
John & Anne Penantons Richmomd B. April ye 20th 1763.
Hawes & Susannah Davids. David ‘B. January ye 21. 1764.
John & Jane Joressons John B. Feb: ye 18th 1764.
George & Sary Peterssons Barbora B. Feb: ye 17th 1764.
John & Else Dahlbous Magdlene B. March ye 16th 1764. S. Mary

Beedle.
Jacob & Susy Howels Moses. B. March ye 7th 1764.
Laurence & Anne Morris Rachel & Sary Tweens B. March ye

14th 1764.
Jonas & Hellena Hopmans Hellena B. Jan: the 6th 1764.
Philip & Cath: Grace Silvy B. Decemb: ye 11th 1763.
Friedrich & Hellena Cobbs Elisabeth B. Sept: ye 12th 1768.
Wiljame & Elis: Mauglouclen Elisabeh B. Feb. 1 1762.
John & Jane Peterssons Anne B. March ye 16th 1764.
John & Christine Beetles Barbary B. April the 15th 1764.
Paul & Rodee Paulssons Darias B. Nov. ye 1. 1763.
John & Sary Goldsmith Esaia :B. Feb. ye 20th 1764.
Alpheus & Brigitte Borteens Mary B. April ye 2d. 1763.

Hindrich & Charity Savels Elisabeth B. May ye 19th 1763.
Wiljame and Sary Priche‘ts Elisabeth B. Feb: ye 23d. 1761.
Andre_w& »Cathrine Helms Sary B. June the 8th 1764. S. Mary Helm.
Senex & Mary Senexpns Andrew B. March ye 21. 1764.

George & zRosee Alkorns James B. July 17th 1759.
Francis & Mary Nails Sary B. ‘May the 30th 1764. S. Elis: Borten

& Mary Potter.
Mathew and Anne Sullivans Mary B. Oct: ye 29, 1763.

Wiljame & Elisab: ‘Dalhbous Rebecka Elisabeth. B. June ye 7th 1764.
Lawrence & Cathrine Dalhbous Israel B. July ye 7th 1764. S. Gab:

& Reb: Dalbou & Sara Helm.

John & Jemamy Tooders Peter B. Oct. ye 2d. 1753, and John B.
March the 6th 1757 his Brother—~Wiljame & Isabella Huttsons
‘Assaria B. July ye 31, 1764.

John & Sara Makoms Lyddy B. Dec: 29 1763.
Tobias & Cathrine Caspers John B. March the 17th 1764.
Cornelius & Patty Aunails Peggy & Richard tweens B. Aug. 23d.

1764. S. John Borden, Mary Canaday & Francis & Mary Aunail.
John & Rebecka Hichmons George B. Aug: the 7th 1764.
Clemy & Mary Sinnerts Clemy. B. Jan: the 15th 1764.
Nicolas & Rosannah Foys Peggy B. July the 7th 1764.
Williame & Elis: Hockets Sarah ‘B. Oct: the 3d 1761 & Elisabeth

born April the 12th 1764.
Robert & Plony Thomssons Wiljame B. Oct: the 7th 1764.
John & Mary Makoms John B. Oct: the 29 1758 & Mary B. Dec:

the 2d. 1759 S. Sara Makum.
Mickel & Barbora Butlers Mary B. Dec: the 9th 1760. Their Anne

B. Oct: the 6th 1764.
Giles Lamssons Wife Elisabeth 23 years of age. last Nov. S. her

Husband & Francis Miles.
Philip & Mary Pentons Philip B. Feb: the first 1763.
Cesar & ‘Phillis Sandys Cesar Nigroes B. March the 20th 1761.

belonging to Fran: Miles.
Hance & Margery Lamssons Lyddy B. Dec: the 27th 1761.
Elisabeth Asly a young woman B. Nov: the 30th 1744. S. Francis

[2791



the 31.

Alp : 5.
the 6th.

195m.

30th.

April the 5.
the 6th.

April
ye 13.
the 19th.

the 30th.

May the
13th.
the 15.
the 20th.
the 27th.
July the
8th.

the 9th.

the 28th.
August
the first.
the 5.
Sept.
the 11.

Jan. the 1.
13th.

15th.
Feb.
ye 13th.
26th.

the 27th.

& Mary Auknail.
Laurence & Elisabeth Haltens John B. Dec: the 22d. 1764.
Laurence & Susanna Peterssons Peter B. Oct: the 13th 1757. Their

Anne B. Dec. the 20th 1764.
Ebenezar & Anne Peakmans Elisabeth B. Jan. the 11th 1762.
Andrew & Mary Paussons Barcas. B. March the 30th 1764. Their

Tobias ‘B. Oct. 8th 1761.
John & Else M. Keans Rosey B. Ap. the 9th 1764.
John Vallentine & Anne Margret Baumans John Vallentine, B.

March the 23d. 1764.
Daniel & Rerbecka Dalhbous Levina B. Dec: the 9th 1761, their Ester

B. Feb: the 10th 1764,
Yet more Baptisms this year performed by the Revd. Mr. Lidenius

in the Neck.1443
Ebenezar and Anne Peackmons Elisabeth B. Jan: the 11th 1762.
Andrew and Mary Paulssons Barcas B. March the 30th 1763. NB.

Tobias their son, B. Sept: the 8th 1764. Baptized by Dr. Wran­ge .

John & Else Keans Rosy ‘B. April the 9th 1764.
John Vallentine & Anne Marget Baumans John Vallen'tine B. March

ye 23d. 1764.
Daniel & Rebecka Dalbous Livinah B. Dec: the 9th 1761. And

their Ester B. Feb: the 10th 1764.

Gideon & Judith Clareks Bathsebah B. March the 28th 1763.
Ebenezar & Anne Peackmons Silvanus B. May the 6th 1764.
David & Elisabeth Floyds Isaac B. April the 25. 1764.
Caspar & Susannah Hankes Susannah B. May the 15th 1764.

Will‘i2;r6r14& Elisabeth Dalbous ‘Rebecka Elisabeth B. June the 7th

Laurlelngei& Cathrine Dalbous Israel B. July the 7th 1764. S. Sarahem.
John & Susannah Goldsmith Lydiah B. February the 16th 1759.

Robert & Sary Whites Sarah B. July the 19th 1764.
Andrew and Cathrine Hoffmans Anne B. June the 4th 1764.

John and Margareth Mullickas Esther B. August the 25th 1757 &
their Son Edward B. Oct: the 15th 1761.

RACOON 1764

Joseph & Mary Paulssons Elisabeth B. Nov. ye 14th 1763.
Andrew & Elisabeth van Neumans Alexander & Wiljame tweens

B. the 12. of Jan: 1764. S. Fredrich King & Wiljame & Chris­
tine van Neuman.

Jonas & Christine ‘Keens John B. Nov. ye 28th 1763.

Abram & R_achel Matssons Mary B. Dec: ye 3d. 1763.
Peter & Mary Striekers Anne Judith. B. Feb‘. ye 5, 1764.
Jacob & Marget Johnssons Mary B. Feb: ye 9th 1764.
Jonas & Anne Joneses Jonas. B. ‘Sept: ye 11th 1763.
Charles & Britta Steellmans Prishilla. B. Sept: ye 1, 1763.
George Brouns wife Elisabeth. B. Dec: ye 28th 1741. & their chil­

1*” It will be noted that five April entries are repeated. The ‘originalwas badly confused, but it
appears that a later entry was made to specify the baptisms of Lidemgs,

[ml



March 4th.
the 8th.

the 11th.

the 14th.
ye 22d.
April 4th.
the 7th.

the 26.

the 7th.
the 22d.

the 10th.

the 17th.

the 28th.

M.R.
July the 1.
the 2d.
the 9th.
the 22d.

29th.

Coh :
ye 30th.
Aug. 12
the 14th.
M.R.

the 30th.

Sept : 9th.

the 10th.
the 23d.

Oct: 12th.

M.R.

the 16th.
the 21.

ilgen Mary B. Nov: ye 28th 1760. And Sary B. Jan. ye 16th.62.
Robbert and Brigitta C1ar_cksIsaac. B. Feb. ye 9th 1764.
Gabriel and Rebecka Strengs Hellena Rein B. Feb: ye 10th 1764.

S. Gotf: Kohler & Wiljame Noble.
Wiljame &Mary Englands Sary B. Feb. ye 3d. 1764.S. Sary Homan.
Charles & Rebecca 'Coxes Peter B. Feb: ye 27th 1764. ‘S. John &

Peter Lock and Rachel Dalhbou.
Dennys & Sary Bargains John B. Feb: ye 16th 1760.
Isaac Schoote B. ye 26th 1741 a married man.
John & Cath: Sweetens Benjamin B. Jan: ye 20th 1763.
Nathan & Mary Boys Cathrine .B. Feb. ye 22d. 1764. S. John Runals

& Elis: Hindrickson.

Wi1ja7me& Sary «Lowis John B. 1761. & Wiljame B. April ye 15th.1 63
Hance Michel & Anne Mary Eulers Hance Mickel B. Feb: ye 20th.

1764. S. John and Sary Powers.
Alexander & Elisabeth Coopers Wiljame B. March ye 10th 1764.
Andrew & Mary Matssons Jonathan B. May ye 7th 1764. S. Ben­

jamin Angelou & Marta Jamesson.
Andrew & Cathrine Justissons Rebecka B. May ye first 1764.
John & Rachel Middletowns Nathan B. Feb: the 15th 1764.
Wiljame & Betzy Tuff Senex B. May the 4th 1764. S. Britta Clarck.
Mary lDellyns Levaisy B. Dec: ye 22d 1763. the Hues [husband]

ran away.
Mathew & Susannah Lords Joseph B. Sept: ye 28th 1761.
John and Cathrine Eulers Cathrine 1B.April ye 18th 1764.

Paul & Prishilla Cobbs Paul B. June ye 2d. 1764.
Joseph & Mary Lords Mary B. June ye 19th 1760.
James & Magdlena Steelmans Isaac B. June ye 15th 1764.
Andrew & Debora Locks Andrew B. July ye 13th 1764. S. Zebulon

& Sary Lock.
John & Elisabeth Tills Wiljame B. April ye 29th 1764. S. Jac: &

Elis: Paulin.

John & Mary Hamlers Patience B. Jan: ye 12th 1764.
John & Rebecka Strengs Abram B. June ye 30th 1764.
Peter & Sara Longfikers Hellena B. Aug: ye 30th 1763. S. James

Wale.
Jacob & Zephaya Kimmys Wiljame B. June the 26th 1764.
David & Christina Goldens Sary B. Jan: the 11th 1764.
Samuel and Ca-th: Erickssons Andrew B. June the 26th 1764.

NicoJlas & Elis: Hollands Thomas B. May the 14th 1764. S. Thom.ones.
John & Mary Stillmans Sarah B. Sept: the 1st. 1764.
Thomas & Carthrine Adams Susannah B. Aug: the 27th 1764. S.

Erich Cox.
Charles & Anne Raylys Jonathan B. March the 31st 1764. Their

Susannah B. March the 12. 1756 their Charles B. Apr: the 13th
1753. their Mary B. May the 10th 1760. their Sary B. July the
17th 1762. the follow: were Bapt: before namely

Thomas B. Dec: the 17th 1748. Samuel B. Dec. the 9th 1750 &
Elisab: B. March the 12th 1752.

Jonas & Lyddy van Neumans Samuel B. April the 11th 1764.
Charles & Rachel Dalhbous Rachel B. Sept: the 20th 1764. S. Cath:

Hindrickson.

[281]



Nov. 4th.

the 25.

Dec. ye 2d.

the 23d.

Jan: the l.
the 15.

the 20.

Feb:
the 10.
April the 5.
the 14.

the 14.
May the 26.

the 28.

the 28.

M.R.
June the 7
the 7
the 7
the 23
the 23
M. R. the 7.

July 28.
Aug. 18.

Salem the
same day.

Sept. the 9.

M.R.
Sept: 17
P.N
Sept: 22.
M.R.
Oct. the 22.
the 25.

Peter & Regina Locks Rebecka B. Oct. the 28th 1764. S. JohnLock & Elis: Keen.
Jacob & Regina Elkhorns Sagina B. Aug: the 2d. 1764. S. Mick:

& Susan: Powers.
Math-ew & Susannah Lords Rebecka b. Oct. the 15th 1764.

Robl}:1)‘tk&Mary Kragheads Job. B. Oct: the 12th 1764. ‘S. Esaiac .
Jeremia & Britta Allens Wiljame ‘B. Oct: the 7th 1764.
Isaac & Susannah Shootes Mary. B. Sept: the 23d. 1764.
John & Hannah Arveens Prudence B. March the 14th 1764.

Petefi & Anne Justice Bakum B. the 22d. Dec: 1764. S. Rebeckaustice.

PENSNECK 1765
Thomas & Jane Howards Lemuel B. June the 23d 1764.
John & Elisabet Barons Marget B. Dec: ye 4th 1764.S. Cornel:

Snell & Mary Lowise.
Patrick & Cathrine Doffys Cathrine B. Dec. ye 13th 1764.S. Peter

& Patient Hopman

Aron & Elisabet Beetles Wiljam B. Jan: ye 15th 1765.
Augustine & Mary Petersons Hindrick B. March the 4th, 1765.
John & Mary Dickssons Anne B. June the 13th 1764 S. Marget

Philpot.
Mathias & Anne Sullivans Mathias B. March the 10th 1765.
John & Sary Standlys Susanna & Elisabet tweens B. May the

13th 1765 S. Joseph Dunham & Anne Green.
Jacob & Anne Leissingers Jacob B. Dec: the 14th 1764.S. George

& Elis. Blumer & Anne Beiry
George & Anne Mary Catts Annamaria B. April ye 4th 1765. S.

Carles & Dor: Winemyller & Hans & Elisabet Blumber.

John & Sary Cobbs Sary B. April the 18th 1765.
David & Mehittable Van Neumans Judith. B. Jan: the 11th 1765.
Samuel & Sarah V: Neumans Elias. B. feb: the 12th 1765.
John & Charity Greens George. B. April the 14th 1765.
Hindrich & Charity S'avels Abel. B. May the 4th 1765.

S. Susy Caple
Gabril & Marget Trollingers Michel B. Dec: the 3d. 1764.
Gipsson & Hannah Worells Jonathan B. Dec: the 7th 1764.
Moses & Sary Locks John B. April the 8th 1764.
Gabril & Rebecca Dalbous Wiljam B. Julii: the 2d 1765.
Joseph & Cathrine Allmons Salomon B. April the 13th 1763 their

Daniel B. July the 18th 1765.
Wilj-am & Susanah Philips, Mikel Phillips B. May the 6th.1765.
Stephen & Mary Rays, Abram B. April the 16th 1765.
John & Susy Elisab: Bodenhagens Anna-Margreta B. Aug: the

25. 1765. S. Annemary: Tailor

Wiljam & Elisab: Makgloucklens Wiljam, b. Feb: the 2d. 1765.
Peter & Cathrine Haltens Rebecca B. Aug: the 18th 1765S. Isaac

& Elizabeth Justice and Rebecca Streeng.
Georg Philips & Eva Maria Carmans Philip Carl. B. Oct. the v-——

1764.S. Carl Ludv: & Maria Walter.
Eduard & Marget Crows James B. Jan: the 12th 1764.

[282]



P.N.
Oct. the 7.
7th.

Dec. the 22.
dito
Nb. the 1.

the 29.

Jan: the 27.
Feb. the 5.
the 17.
the 24.

the 25.
March
the 2.

the 5.

the 10.

the 31.
April the 7.
the 7.

the 21.
May the 3.

the 9.

the 19.
the 19.

the 19.

19.
the 27.

June the 2.

the 23.
the 23.
the 23.
the 30.

the 30.

Aug. the 1.
the 8.

John & Mary Greffys Samuel B. March the 14th 1765,
Isaac Sommers & Miarget Grefys Milly B. March the 31. 1765.

oiickta [illegitimate].
Isaac & Mary Anne Nilssons Elisabeth B. Nov: the 7th 1765.
Charles and Sary Greens Marget B April the 9th 1765.
Cornelius & Rachel Boons Peter B. Nov: the 8th 1765 S. Peter

Boon & Wiliam Dalbou
Andrew & Christiane Standlys Anne B. April the 17th 1765.

RACOON 1765

Laurence & Sary Friends Wiljam B. Dec: the 6th 1764.
Joseph & Sary Schootes Sary B. Jan: the first 1765.
Gabrial & Mary Dalbous Mary B. Dec: the 8th 1764.
Moses & Elisabet Hopmans Moses B. Jan: ye 1765. S. Wiljam

Matsson.
Job & Mary Rampfords Thomas B. Dec: the 31. 1763.

James & Cathrine CIark’s Hindrich B. Dec: the 22d 1764. And
their James B. Nov: the 30th 1760 S. Thomas Carney & Robert
Clarck.

Hindrich & Sara Hindrichsons Caleb B. March ye 5th S. Magdlena
Lock.

Wiljam & Christ: Stremples Moses & Aron tweens B. Jan. 11th
1765 S. Reb: Angelou.

Jonas & Christine Keens Rebecka B. Feb: the 24th 1765.
Isaac & Sarah Van Neumans Susannah B. Feb: the 14th 1765.
Samuel & Elisabet Linches Wiljam B. Feb: the 21. 1765 S. Wiljam

& Christ: van Neuman and Magdl: Linch.
John & Cathrine Winssons Anne B. Feb: the 10th 1765.
Thimothy & Margery Clarcks Garret B. Feb: the 23d. 1765. S.

Christ: V: Neuman.
Cleften Rouls & Cathrine Hindrichsons J-oseph bast:[ard] B.

March the 31, 1765. S. Elisabeth Hindrichson & Jbnas Hind­
richson her brother.

Moses & Elisabet Coxes Rebecka B. March the 24th 1765.
Theresia Nicolasson B. Aug: the 31. 1745 S. Elis: Senex & Emy

Chester.
James & Mary Whites John B. Aug: the 10th 1760 S. Laur: &

Britta Lock.
their James B. Jan: the 11st.1765. ‘S. Mary Kraghead.

Zacharias1& Rachel Schaws John B. Ap: the 20th 1765 S. Gilb:Runa s.
Benjamin & Debora Angelous David B. May the 22 1765. S. Mary

Matsson & Gab: Streng.
Charles & Anne Raylys Wiljam B. March the 25. 1765.
Eric & Hannah lCoxes Anne B. June the 3d 1765.
Leonhard & Mary Stantens John B. May the 5th 1765.
Thomas & \Chrisrtine Clarcks Elisabeth B. Dec: the 29th 1764. S.

Mary Clarck.
John & Elisabet Keepers Rebecca B. June the 27th 1762 and their

Judith B. Aug: the 11th 1764. Their Cathrine B. March the 23d.
1759. their Bathniphleoth B. June the 10th 1760‘their Thomas
B. June the 5th 1753. their Elisabeth B. January the 29th 1755.
their Sarah B. Aug: the 19th 1757.

John & Sary Locks Prischilla B. this morning ‘S. Cath: Hindrichson.
Charles & Rebecka ‘Coxes Anne B. Aug: the 6th 1765.

[283]



the 25.

the 30.

Sept.
the 15.
the 27.

the 22.

Oct. the 15.

the 27.
Novemb

the 17.

the 17.
the 20.
the 28.

Dec.
the 25.
the 26.
the 30.
May 21.

April the 6.

the 20.

the 23.

May the 11.

the 25.
the 8.
June the 10.
the 14.
July
the 11th.
the 15.
May the 4.

the 7.
M.R.

Daniel & Prischilla Peterssons Matsson B. May the 21. 1765.
Abram & Jane Laiddens Mary, B. Aug. the 15th 1764.
Wiljam & Cathrine Sauderses Marget B. May the 17th 1765. S.

Marget Kalm & Mary Stricker.

John & ‘Elisab: Fourakers Deborah, B. July the 8th 1765.
Peter & Elisab: Keyers David B. Nov: the 30th 1763.
Ephraim Waas & Elisab: Matlocks Maryanne B. Aug. the 17th

1760. were promised, but died both before they were married.
Zebulon & Prischilla Locks Lydia B. Aug: the 26 1765. S. Susannah

Lock.
John & ‘Mary Reaves Rachel B. Jan: the 12th 1757 S. Charles

Hopman.
John & Nanzy Higners Nanzy B. Feb. the 11th 1765.

Gilbert & Mary Runnalls ‘Rebecka B. Oct. the 11th 1765.
Mary Wilkesson B. July the 27th 1738 wife of the English Clerck.

Her Sons John B. Oct. the 5th 1757 & Samuel Feb: the 27th
1759 P: John and Mary Wilkesson.

John and Mary Derexons Mary B. Oct: the 1. 1765.
George & Barbora Krurnreins Susannah B. Aug: the 2d. 1765.

Jonas ft Mary Hindrichsons Israel ‘B. Sept: the 6. 1765 S. IsraelHe m.

William & Christine van Neumans Sarah B. Nov: the 9th 1765.
Hughes & Mary Forbes Mary B. Sept: the 13th 1765.
Jonas and Anne Jones Mary B. Sept: the 1. 1765.
Jacob & Marget Johnssons Elisabeth B. April the 4th 1765. bap­

tized by the Revd. Andrew Borell. and their Son Mathias was
born the 3d of Feb: 1755 & bapt: at Nordeast — River by the
Revd. Mr. Hamilton

PENSNECK 1766.

David & Elisab: Floyds Solomon, B. March the 20th 1766.
Joseph & Mary Nails [Nagel] Christine, B. July the 17th 1765.
John & Susannah Cabels John, B. July the 19th 1765.
Paulus & Rody Pouhlsons Sary, B. Nov: the 2d 1765.
Daniel & Rebeckah Dalbous Magdlenah. B. March the 27th 1766.
Jacob & Susannah Howels George, B. March the 5th 1766.
Robert & Susannah Woodsides Robert, B. June the 20th 1762.
Gabriel Peterssons & Eleonor Butterworth Priscilla B. Feb: the

7th 1750
Benjamin Trustin & Barborah Coles Elisabeth, B. Nov. the 20th

1765 S. Elisab: Cooper & the mother
Christopher & Lydia Graigs Robert, B. May the 28th 1765.
Gideon & Judi=th Clarcks Mary, B. January the 11th 1765.
Adam & Mary Coles Susannah B. May the 9th 1766.
Ebenezer & Anne Peakmans Sarah B. May the 13th 1766.

Thomas & Mary Webbers John B. June the 4th 1766.
Andrew & Elisab: V. Neumans Friedrick B. July the 17th 1766.
Hance & Barbora Jaquettes Hance B. Feb: the 18th 1766.
Joseph & Mary Jaquettes Joseph B. March the 14th 1766.
Joseph & Mary Lords Absalon B. Sept: the first 1765.
Abram & Grace Marlanders John B. Aug: the 13th 1765.
Lazare & Hellena Riggins Gracy B. Aug: the 28th 1764.

[284]



June 29.
the 30.
Aug. the 23.
Sept: 3.
the 14.

Oct. 25.

Nov: 17.
Dec. 8th.

April
the 2.

the 28.
Oct. the 4.
Nov. the 16.
the 20th.
Dec: the 21.
the 31.

January
the 26.
Feb.
the 2.
the 16.
March
the 9.

the 18.

Schedrick & Mary Sunderlins Joseph B. Sept: the 15th 1765.
Cornelius & Marget Dailys Robert B. the 16th of April 1765.
Jacob & Cathrine Slys Sarah B. May the 13th 1766.
William Smith & Sara Bremens Elisabet B. 17th of Dec: 1764.
John & Maria Mackrays Amos B. July the 24th 1766.
Hugh & Susannah Davis Hugh B. Dec: the 19th 1765.
Jacob & Anna Leissingers John-George B. Sepitz the 16th 1766.

S. Hance & Elisabet Blumer.
Albert & Sary Bilderbacks Rebecca B. Sept: the 8th 1766.
John & Jane Jouranssons William B. Aug: the 14th 1765.
Joseph & Marget Pennintons Joseph B. June the 13th 1766.
These following children were bapt: of the Revd. Mr. Lidenius.

David & Elisabeth Floyds Solomon B. March the 20th 1766.
Joseph & Mary Nails Christina B. July the 17th 1765.
John & Susannah Gabels John B. July ‘«the19th 1765.
Paulus & Rhody Pohlssons, William B. Oct: the 4th 1765.
Andrew & Mary Pohlssons, Sarah, B. Nov: the 2d 1765.
Daniel & Rebeca Dalbous, Magdalena B. March the 27th 1766.
Jacob & Susannah Howells George B. March the 5th 1766.
Robert & Susannah Woodsides, Robert B. June the 20th 1762.

Gabri7egPeterssons Eleonor Butterworth Priscilla B. Feb: the 7th1 0

Benjn.5’-Trustin & Barbora Coles, Elisabeth B. Novbr: the 20th176
Christopher & Lydia Craigs Robert B. May the 28th 1765.
Gideon & Judy Clarcks, Mary B. January the 11th 1765.
Adam & Mary Coles, Susannah, B. May the 9th 1766.
Ebenazar & Anne Peakmans, Sarah B. May the 13th 1766.
Thomas & Mary Webbers, John B. June the 4th 1766.
Andrew & Elisabeth Van Neumans, Friedrick, B. July the 7th,

1766.
Michel & Sarah Noers Sarah, B. Nov: the 25th 1748.
Robert & Martha Pedricks Silas, B. June the 14th 1765.
John & Mary Coales Cathrine B. Feb: the 15th 1762. Adam B.

April the 15th 1763.Margareth B. Aug: the 14th 1766.
Israel & Gertrud Dalbous Sarah B. Sept: the 3d. 1766.
Hance Cownrad & Mary Fautzers John B. Sept. ye 19th 1766.

Pete1r76§tonemetz & Deborah Hoffrnans, Mary, B. July the 18th
Duncan & Elisabeth Saunders, John, B. March the 11th 1766.
Alexander & Elisabeth Coopers John B. Sept. the 27th 1766.
John & Sarah Goldsmith, Samuel, B. Novemb: the 3d. 1766.
Anne Readh, widow to Niclas Read, baptised in heavy sickness.
Robert & Jane Kitts Martha B. May the 23d. 1766.
William & Christine Strimples William, B. Dec: the 30th 1766.

RACOON 1766

Marget B. Nov: the 9th P: Joseph & Mary Paulsson.

Carles & Helena Locks Hellenah B. ‘Dec: the 31. 1765.
George & Anne S~‘tantensAnne B. Jan: the 2d 1766.

Bartholom: & Isabella Supplys Aron B. January the 1. [date torn]
S. John and Mary Steelman.

John & Marget Mullickas John B. April the 17th 1765.

[285]



the 22.

the 22.

the 23.
the 24.
the 28.
the 28.

M. Riv:
April the
7th.
the 7.

the 20.
May the 11.
the 11.
the 25.

the 25.
June 29.
July 24.
Aug. 3.

Aug. 10.

Oct. the 6.
the 19.
Nov. the 4.
Nov. 15.

Nov. 27.

Dec: 9.
Dec. 24.
the 28.
Sept: 3.

January
the 11.
the 15.

the 19.

March
the 25.

At Dilcks.

May 3.

March 29.

Michel & Salome Powers Samuel B. December the 16 1765 «S. Jacob
and Regina Eickorn.

Hindrich & Anne Cathrine Streems Anne—Cathrine B. Jan: the
11th 1766. S. George & Anne ‘Cath: Weiser & Louis Catt.

John & Else Dalbous Andrew B. Feb: the 10th 1766.
Isaac & Marget Howells Marget B. Jan: the 26. 1766.
John & Christine Beetles Mary ‘B. Jan: the 28 1766.
William and Mary Loves Marget B. Feb: the 28th 1766. S. Rob:

& Britta Clarck.

James & Elis: Garrins Israel B. Feb: the 6, 1766.
Philip & Eva Maria Corvins ‘Christiana lCathrina b. March the 2d.

1766 S. Maria & 4Cathrina Walter.
Joseph & Mary Richards Mary, B. Feb: the 27th 1766.
Gabriel & Rebecka Strengs Ephraim B. Feb: the 17th 1766.
Jacob & Anne Jones, Anne, B. Sept: the 9th 1765.
Jacob & Mary Orchards William B. Ap: the 19th 1766 S. Sary

V. ‘Neuman.
Andrew & Mary Jones Rebecka N. ‘May the 1. 1766.
Peter & ‘Regina Locks Ananias B. ‘May the 28th 1766. S. John Look.
Jonas & Hellena Dennys Elisabeth B. June the 19th 1766.
Jacob & Anne Papperts Fransiscues B. May the 16th 1766. S. &

Else Ours.
John & 1Cathrine Sweetens Michel B. Sept: the 26th 1765.
Malachia & Elisabet Horners, :Cathrine B. Feb: the 27. 1766. S.

John & Cathrine Euler.
Robert & Britta Clercks Priscilla B. Sept: the 3d. 1766.
John & Charity Greens, Hezekia B. Aug: ‘the 15th 1766.
John & Sary Dennys Debora B. Nov: the 12th 1766.
Jacob & Sophia Fislers Joseph B. Oct: the 3d 1766.
John & Cathrine Eulers Hannah ‘B. Sept: the 12th 1766. S. George

Horner, & Hannah Weawer.
Daniel & Judith S-treengs ‘Daniel B. Oct: the 29th 1766. ‘S. John

& Rebecka Streeng;
Andrew & Mary Matssons William B. Nov. the 26th 1766.
John & Beatha Hommans Debora & Rachel Tweens B. Dec. 7th 1766.
Jonas & Christine Keens David B. Out: the 13th 1766.
William & Elisabeth Tuffs John ‘B. Oct. the 23d 1766.
John & Cathrine Runnels Nathan B. Nov: the 2d. 1765.

PENSNECK 1767

William & Margaret Smiths, Mary, ‘B. April the 9th ‘1766.
Mallvacky & Cathrine Kellys Anne B June the 7th 1762 Joseph

B. Jan. the 19th 1764.
Gideon & Judith Clarcks, Jacob, B. Jan: the 9th 1767.
James B. Dec: the 24th 1765.

James & Sary Dilcks James B.

John and Emy Duflils Charity B. Feb. ye 14th 1762 & Elisabeth
B. Oct. vthe —— 1765.

William & Sary Lues Anne, B. April the 5th 1765. Joseph B.
March the 9th 1767.

Jacob & Ester Catts Jacob B. Oct: the 13th 1764.Rebecca & Isaac,
tweens B. March the 14th 1767.

[2861



April 25.

M.R.
May 10.

June 7.
the 8.

the 21.

the 22.

M.R.
June 16.
Aug: 2.
Salem
the 3.

Sept: 3.

Salem 3.
the 14.
Oct: 4.

Nov:.4.

the 15.
Dec. 6.
Salem
the 7.

the 25.
the 26.

Jan:
the 18.

the 28.
March 15.

the 17.

the 23.

Augustine & Mary Peterssons Else, B. April the first 1767.
William & Isabella Hauttssons Esajah, B. March the 13th 1767.
William and Lucretia Smiths Johnsson, B. January the 12th 1767.

Paul &bPrisci1Ia Cobbs Aron. B. Feb: the 16th S. John & SaryCob .
Patrick & Marget Doffys Mary, B. Dec: the 9th 1766.
George & Mary Catts Dorothea, B. May the 6th 1767.S. Charles

& Doroth: Winerniller.
Senex & Mary Senexons Anne, B. January the 28th 1767.
Gabriel & Rebecca Dalbous Sarai B. May the 4th 1767.
George & Sary Peterssons Mary B. June the 8th 1767.
John & Prudens Stedhams John B. March the 26th 1767.
Ehren & Elisabeth Beetles George B. Feb: the 9th 1761.& bapt:

of Mr. Wrangel.
John & Christiane Beetles Anny, B. Feb: the 12th 1761 & bapt:

of the same.
William & Rebecca Slydes, Mary, B. Dec: the 26th 1764& their

Marta, B. Feb: the 27th 1767.

Lawrence & Susy Peterssons Aron B. Dec: the 29th 1766.
Benjamin & Marget Howels Philotaty B. March the 16th 1767.

Joseph & Anne Dennums Joseph B. Feb: the 23d. 1767.
Andrew & Mary Wides Jane B. April the —— 1767.
Darias & Ruth van Neumans William B. Feb: the 20th 1764 &

Thomas B. March the 22d. 1766.
John & Cathrine Allbrights William B. March the first 1767.
Mathias & Anne Sullivans Marta B. Nov: the 15th 1766.
Aron & Elisabeth Bietles Sary. B. Sept: the 22d 1767.
Lawrence & Cathrine Dalbous Mary B. July the 25th 1767.
William Longlys Sary old last May 16 years. S. her present

mother in law Mary.
Michel & Marget Cornellissons ‘Elisabeth B. Aug: the 21 1767.
Andrew & Christiane Standlys Marget B. May the 8th 1767.
Henry & Mary Crebbs James B. Nov: the 15th 1767. S. Arthur

Holland & Hannah Mannen.
John & Annie Mae Kassons Mary Marget B. Sept: the 22d 1767

S, William M. Kasson.
Baltsar & Mary Heils Anne B. March the 15th 1767.
Cornelz & Rachel Boons Elisabeth tweens B. Dec: the 17th 1767.
Louis & Cathrine Catts Samuel B. Oct: the 31. 1767 S. JamesFricke.
Throsy B. March the 20th 1767 P. Cesar & Phillis Negroes the

mother a xstizan [=Christian].

RA»COO‘N 1767

Hindrich & Sary Hindrichssons Andreas B. Dec: the 9th 1766. S.
Andrew Hindrichssons and Sary Lock.

Magnus & Elisabeth Dragsrtroms William B. Dec: the 2d. 1766.
John & Mary Wilkessons Silas B. Dec: the 22d 1766.
Charles & Rebecca Cocks Andreas B. March the 4th 1767 S. Cath:

Keen.
Alexander & Cathrine Forsters William B. Dec: ye 10th 1764 &

Rachel B. March 7th 1767.
Marta Boys wife to John Boys B. March the 6th 1736 and their

[287]



April 5.
the 19.

May the 3.

the 12.
the 24.

June the 8.
the 14.

Aug: 9
the 16.

Salem
the 25.
Sept. 27.

Oct. 1.
the 11.

the 12.

M.R.
the 21.

Nov. 1.
the 22.

the 29.

Dec. 13.

Feb: 6

the 14.
the 21.
March 7
the 27

Salem
the 28
April 4
the 5
May 29

children Mary B. Dec. ‘the 23d 1753. Susannah. B. March the
24th. 1760. Robert B. Sept: the 8th. 1762. Nathan B. Oct: the
10th 1764. John B. Jan: the 15th 1767 P. John and Marta Boys.

Isaac & Sary van Ncumans Mary, B. Dec: the 14th 1766.
James Pflannigan B. May the 1st. 1741 and his son John B. April

the 9th 1767. His mothers name Sary.
Lawrence & Sary Friends Elisabeth B. March the 28th. 1767.
Thomas & ‘Marta Fischers Sary B. Sept: the 12th 1766.
Isaac & Susannah Schootes Isaac B. May the 7th 1767.
Thomas & Christiane Clercks Thomas B. Jan: 18th 1767 S. John

Stillman.
Robert & Mary Kragheads Hannah B. April the 12th 1767.
John & Mary Stillmans Deborah, B. April the 3d. 1767.
Nathan & Mary Boyss John B. Feb: the 7th 1766.
Reinhard & Marget Taylors Rebecca B. Oct: the 27th 1765.
Charles & Rachel Dalbous Elisabeth ‘B. July the 5th 1767.
Mathew & Susannah Lords Peter B. May the 6th 1767.

Rodger & Junes Sherrins Hannah B. July 21, 1764.
John ‘& Sary Locks David B. Sept: the 15th 1767 S. Peter Lock

& Sary Lock.
James & Cathrine Clarcks John B. Sept. the 14th 1767.
William & Hellena Brighlts Elisabeth B. Aug: the 20th 1762. S.

Math: & Tobita Margen.
James & Sary Dilckses Elisabeth B. June the 30th 1762.

Philip & Cathrine Graces Andrew B. April the 10th 1766.
Jonas & Elleonora Hopmans Pamela B. Aug: the 28, 1766.
John & Janes Peterssons Benony B. Sept. the 27th 1767.
Andrew & ‘Cathrine Justices ‘Cathrine B. Sept: the 15th 1767.
Thomas & Cathrine Adams Isaac B. Oct: the 17th 1767.
John & Rebecca Streengs John B. Oct: the 25th 1767.
Andrew & Deborah Locks Zebulon B. Oct. the 19th 1767 S. Zeb’:

Lock & Mary Neuman.
Moses & Elisabeth ‘Coxes David B. Aug: the 9th 1767.
Baltzar & Marta Risseners Hannah B. Oct. the 18th 1767.

PENSNECK 1768

Thomas & Elisabeth Jones Mary B. December the 4th 1767 S.
Ab: & Jane Jones.

Thomas & Rebecca Shopschires Anne B. Nov: the 8th 1767 S.
dito grand Par:

Andrew & Rebecca Minks John B. Jan: the 8th 1768.
Malachi & Mary Kellys Cathrine B. Jan: the 3d 1768.
James Embssons 41 year of age.
Ebenaser & Deborah Embssons Ebenasser B. February the 7th

1768.
Paul & Rody Pohlssons Deborah b. January the 19th 1768.
Robbert & Cathrine Cannadays Robbert b. 1768and their Orphan

child Cathrine.
John & Mary M’Krays Lydiah B. Feb: the 27th 1768.
Darias & Ruth van Neumans John B. Feb: the 9th 1768.
George & Mary Starks George B. April the 16th 1768.
John & Christiane Beetles John B. April the 7th 1768.

[288]



June 6

the 19.
Salem.
July 10
M.R. 23.

the 31.

Salem

Aug: 1

the 21.

Sept. 11
Oct: 2.

the 25.

Salem
the 24.
Nov: 16.

Dec. 27.

NB the 23.

Jan: 14

the 23.
Feb: 17
the 28
March 5.

the 13.

April 3

the 16.

John King in Helsingborough 29 year old next Sept: John his
son 6 years old next fault [fall], William 3 year old Aug: the 7th
next, Elisabeth 4th year old orphan child.

Joseph & Marta Dods Joseph B. July 2d. 1765 & Richard B.
March 5th 1768.

John & [J]6ransons Mary B. February the 2d 1768.
Eduard & _Prudence Tunkeens John B. May the 14th 1768.
John & Elisabeth Hollidays Sarah B. April the 27th 1768.
By the Revd. Andrew Jonansson Deborah B. Jan: the 14th 1753

land Rebecca B. Jan: the 7th 1768.P. Samuel and Sarah vaneuman.
Jonas & Christine Keens Jonas B. June the 9th 1768.

Richard & Rebecca Garrets John Garret B. March the 6th 1768.
Friedrick & Eva Hoffmans Anne-Christine B. May the 12th 1768.

S. Cathrine Klein.
John & Susannah Bottenhagens Conrad-Judah B. March 22d 1768

S. Conrad & Mary Bradly.
James & Elisabeth Fords Anne Mary B. June the 24th 1768.
Isaac & Mary Anne Nilsons William B. July the 23rd 1768.
John & Marget Woostards William B. July the 15th 1768.
Allexander & Margot Browns Else, B. Dec. the 29th 1767.
Zacharias & Marget Jordains Michal B. Sept: the 11th 1768 S.

Michel & Marget Jordain.
George and Elisabeth Myers Marget B. August the 26 1768S. the

same.
John and Mary Greffsys Mary B. Aug: the 18th 1768.
Daniel & Rebeccah Dalbous Rebeccah B. Sept: the 14th 1768.

Mathew and Elisabeth Morrissons Anne B. July the 3d 1768.
James and Elisabeth Sanderssons Isabella B. Oct: the 6th 1768.
Isaac and Marget Howells Mary. B. Nov. the 8th 1768.
Elwell and Marget Moors Elisabeth B. Jan: the 11th 1767 S. his

Parents.
Riobbert & Edy Fitlens Mary B. Feb: the 5th 1764. S. Pat: &

Elis: Moore.
Joseph Bilderbacks and Sary Minks, aackta son [zilligitimate

Son] Joseph B. July 1768.
Cornelius and Rachel Boons tweens, Andrew & Elisabeth B. Dec:

the 12th 1768.

RNOOON 1768

Leonhard & Mary Stantens Sary B. Decemb: the 13th 1767.
Alexander & Elisabeth Coopers Anne B. Novemb: the 3d 1767.
William & Cathrine Loves James B. Decemb: the 31 1767.
George & Anne Stantons ‘George B. Decemb: the 26 1767.
John & ‘Cathrine Runnals Abram B. Feb: the 22d 1768.
John & Mary Gittis ‘Anna ‘Maria, b. July the 3d 1761. and their

Dorothea B. Decemb: the 20th 1768 S. Charles & Doroth:
Winemyller, John Friedrick Kuckerow, & John Adam Schiitz.

Peter & Elisabeth Keyers Sary B. July the first 1767.
Jacob & Mary ‘Gosslins Hannah B. Jan: the 31. 1768.
Benjamin & Elisabeth Duffils Mary B. Jan: the 22d 1768.
Joseph & Mary Pohlsons Jeremiah B. Decemb: the 14th 1767.
Malachi & Elisabeth Horners Malachi B. Feb: the 17th 1768.

[289]



the 24. Elisabeth Hewett wife to ‘Isaac Hewett 33 year old and their fol­
low: children Hezekiah B. Sept. the 16th 1761. Elisabeth B.
Dec. the 25th 1763. Isaac B. Dec: the 22d 1765. Ester B. O-ct:
the 31 1757Delilah B. Oct: the 27th 1757. Robbert B. Novemb:
the 26 1767.

May 6. Daniel & Susy Strengs Charles B. April the 14th 1768.
the 15. Zachariah & Rachel Schaws Zachariah B. March the 20th 1768.
the 28. Friedrick Fou-lks old 36 year last Octob: Patience his wife 24 year

next July. Hannah their daughter B. June the 15th 1767.
Sary James wife to Thomas James 30 year old the 10th last Decemb:

June 10 Peter & Cathrine Keens Sarah B. Feb: the 8th 1768.
Mounce & Sarah Locks Isaac B. May the 2d 1766 & Sarah B.

March 7th 1768.
the 26. Jacob & R-ebecca Kalloways Gideon B. May the 22d 1768.

Hindrick & Magdlz Fabe_rs Elisabeth B. April the 23d. 1768 S.
Hance & Elis: Blumer.

July 3. John & Sarah Hullings Marcus B. April the 26. 1768.
the 17. John & Joransons Mary B. February the 2d 1768.

‘Powers.
the 26 John & Sarah Dennys John B. July the 7th 1768.
the 30 Hindrick & Joannah Paxtons Elisabeth B. Aug: the 3d 1765 and

their Sary B. June the 4th 1768.
Aug:l5 John and Elisabeth Jones Deborah B. Feb: the 12th 1760 their

Priscilla B. May the 12th 1763‘their Lydiah B. Nov: the 31
'1764, their Sarah B. Nov: the 27th 1766.

Andrew and Sarah Jones Andrew B. Oct: the 15th 1763.
William & Ca‘thrine Linnards Hindry B. Feb: the 15th 1761. Their

William B. July the 21 1764. ‘Their Samuel B. April the 2d
1767.

the 12 Gabriel & Rebeccah Strengs Elisabeth B. July the 28th 1768.
the 28 Peter & Anne Margret Morgens Wilhelm B. June 28th 1768 S.

William Saunders.
Sept:25 Thomas & Deborah Clarcks Elisabeth B. Aug: the 13th 1768 S. the

grand-Parents, both sides.
the 23. James & ‘Sary Pflannigans James B. Oct: the 16th 1768 S. John &

Sary Helms.
Nov. 6 Joseph & Mary Richards Joseph B. -Sept the 13th 1768.
Dec. 10. Jacob and Cathrine Slys Elisabeth B. Sept: the 28th 1768. S. Jacob

and Anne Leissinger.
the 25. Magnus and Elisabeth Dragstroms Gustavus B. Oct: the 19th 1768.
the 27. Jacob and Marget Madairys, John, B. Oct: the 15th 1768. S. John

Kyckerou, and Dorothea Winemyller.

Whereas, the paper appears to be, too much blouting in the place,
hence I advice my worthy and kind successors to loock for the con­
tinuation of my Records, more forward, in this boock. I have pro­
posed it several times to the Vestry to purchase or get a new one; But
they have not, as yet complyed to my desire; But for [to] do them
justice I declare that the mean—reasonhath been, the want of cash or
monney, in this country, in our days. But we live in a good hope of
better times and then, hopefully, will this dessign be excuted; Mean­
while I must behelp myself with this boock, so, as I have found it,
and so as it is. And leave the satisfaction, to get a better one, to my
successor in the ministry, of these my dear Congregations.

[290]



Feb.
the 5.

March
the 9.
the 11.

the 19.
April
the 16.

the 17.

May the 7.

Egharbour
June the 4.
the 7.

M.R. the 9.

the 11.

N.B. May
the 21 in
the Neck.
July the 2.

the 3.

the 13.
the 16.
the 23.
Aug. the 13.
Sept. the 3.
Sept. the 3.

«the 24.

Salem
Oct : the 4.

PENSNECK 1769.

Lawrence and Elisabeth Haltens Jesse b. Jan: the 7th 1769.
Michel & Sary Powers Hannah b. Sept: 14th 1768.S. Mathew &

Hannah Rose.
Jacob & Hannah Leissingers Elisabeth b. Feb. 1. 1769 S. Hance

& Elisab: Blumer.
Hinry and Mary Janes Thomas B. March the 4th 1769.S. Hannah

Carney.
John & Sary Browns Thomas b. Feb. the 7th 17699.
Augustine and Mary Pettersons Beetle b. Feb: 26th 1769.

Thomas and Marget Webbers Sarah B. Oct: the 6th 1768.
Patrick and Marget Duffys Hannah b. March the 20th 1769.
William & Christiane Stremples Christina b. Feb: 5th 1769 S.

Susy Cable.
David and Elisabeth Floyds William b. Feb: the 4th 1769.
Alpheus & Brittie Burtens James b. July the 7th 1765.
Gabriel and Rebecca Dalbous Elisabeth b. March the 12th 1769.
Conrad & Rachel Faussers Elisabeth b. Oct. 18th 1768.

Peter and Mary Frambes’ Susannah b. Feb: the 9th 1769.
John and Susannah Bailys Charles b. Oct: the 10th 1767.
Samuel and Pheby Snells Samuel B. April the 6th 1768.
David and Hellenah Richmons Sary b. Jan: the 5th 1769.
Thomas and Elis: Jones Stephen b. May the 12th 1769. S. Esqr.

Jones & his wife.
Nathan and Mary Schaws James b. Jan: the 12th 1769. S’. dito

Grand P.
Philip and Cathrine Graus Priscilla b. Dec: the 23d 1768.

Lawréence and Susannah Petterssons Hannah b. Dec: the 20th1 68. ’

Hance and Barborah Jaquets Joseph b. April the 9th 1769.
John & Anne M’Carsons Hezekiel B. May the 12th 1769.
Michal & Cathrine Powers Christine b. Oct: the 28th 1768.
Jacob & Susannah Haltons Andrew b. Nov: the 3d 1766.
Alexander & Margreth Browns Alexander b. May the 5th 1769.
Charles & Margreth Greens George b. Feb: the 5th 1768.
Hance & Margeth Lambssons Hance b. March the 26th 1769.
William & Jane Aschlys Mary b. August the 22d. 1768.
Andrew & Elisabeth Van Neumans Susannah b. March 28th. 1769.
Thomas & Elisabeth Barens Mary b. Decemb: the 10th 1768.
Thomas & Mary Richardsons Sarah b. April the 23d 1769.
Senex & Mzary Senicksons William b. May the 30th 1769.
John & Cathrine Parkers John b. August the 26th 1769.
Joseph & Mary Jaquets John B. June the 13th 1769.
John & Ruth Starcks Mary B. July the 22d 1769.
Schedrich & Mary Sunderlens Rebecca B. Sept. the 15th 1768.
John & Cath: Allbrechts Friedrich B. July 8th 1769 S. Will: &

Marg N. Casson.

Joseph & Anne Dennums William Confirmed, B. April the 3d. 1769.
Gau Kollins Antony. B. Seplt. the 13th 1769.His fath: name con­

cealed.

[291]



the 16.

Nov. 5.

the 26.

January
the 1.
the 11.

the 14.

the 19.
March
the 12.

the 24.
the 26.

April
the 11.
the 30.

May
the 15.

th-e 28.
June
the 13,
the 25.
July
the 9.

the 30.
August
the 13

the 20.

Oct:
the 5.
the 6.
the 3.

the 22.
the 29.

Nov.
the 8.

Samuel & Sarah Pedrichs Mary. B. May the 1. 1765 & Elisabeth
B. July 14th 1769.

William and Elisabeth Tuffs Mary B. Sept: the 24th 1769.
William & Anne Bilderbacks Daniel B. June the 7th 1769.
William and Isabella Houtsons Elisabeth B. Novemb: the 1 1769.
Jacob & Anne Pipparts Jacob B. Novemb: the 15th 1768.

RNCOON 1769

Erick and Hannah Cocks William B. nov. the —— 1768.
Carl and Rebecca Cock’s Abram b. January the 2d. 1769.
Peter and Reginah Locks John b. December the 29th 1768.
William and Sary Nobles Archabel B. Dec: the 19th 1768 s. Dennis

W. Whire.
Jacob .& Marget Johnsons Jacob b. Sept: the first 1768.

Jacob and Mary Archers Sary B. March the 2d 1769.
Cathrine a Negroe-child the mother bapt: S. John & Cathrine Strat­

ton collector.
Mathew & Susannah Lords Samuel b. Jan: the 23d 1769.
Daniel & Sary Suderlands Magdlene b. Feb: the 26th 1769. S. the

Grand Par.

Robbert & Mary Kraigheads William b. March the 17th 1769.
Isaac and Sary V. Neumans Johannah, B. April the first 1769. S.

Johns Adams and Hannah Steelman.

Timothee and Margery Clarks Nanzy b. March the 9th 1769.
Thomas and Christian Clarks Lyddy b. March the 26th 1769.
William and Mary Englands James b. April the 5th 1769.
Cornelius and Marta Bryants William b. May the 5th 1769.

Eseyah and Susy ‘Fowlers Aron b. Nov: last 1768 died the same day.
William .& Cathrine Sauders Charles B. April the 28th 1769.

John & \Anne Mary Millers Cathrine Dorothea b. Oct. 12th 1768
S. Carl 6: Dor. Wineryller.

Jacob & Sophia Fishlers Benjamin 1). Jan: the 11th 1769.

Moses & Mary Jones Sarah b. May the 30th 1769.
James & Cathrine Clarks Carney b. May the 2d. 1769.
Zebulon & Drusilla Locks Prisehillah b. July 2d. 1769 S. Mary v.Neuman.
Hindrick & Sary Hindricksons Isaac b. July the 19th 1769 S. Prise­

hila Denny.
John & Margreth Lockners John b. May 18th 1769 S. Francis &

Barb: Hol‘tz.

Lawrence & Sary Friends John b. Aug: the 29th 1769.
Gabriel & Rebecca Streengs Elisa. b. Sept. the 5th 1769.
John & Mary Derichsons Nathan b. Sept: the 17th 1769.
Andrew & Rebeccak Mincks Hannah b. July the 27th 1769.
Jonas & Mary Hindrichsons Jonas b. Aug: the 22d. 1769.
Baltzar & Marta Riseners Elisabeth b. Oct: the 2d. 1769.
Jeremia & Bitta Allens Zedony b. Aug. the 3d 1769.
Friedrick & .Elis: Bullingers Peter b. Dec: the 26‘th 1769.

Friedrick & Patience Foulks Christiana b. Feb: the 5th 1769.
[292]



the 22.
Dec.
the 18.
the 17.
the 18.
the 31.

Feb: 4

the 5

the 25

the 26
the 28
March 18
April 8

May 13

June 4
the 24
the 26

the 31.
Oct. 28

Oct: 28

Sept. 30

Oct: 7

-the 9th.

Jan. 7.

the 27.

Feb. 2.
the 11.
the 18.

the 22.
March 30.
April 8.

Carl & Britta Steelmans Jonas b. Sept. the 23d 1769.

Thomas and Deborah ‘Clarcks John -b. Nov: the 6th 1769.
John M. Kallums & Mary Boys Mary B. Oct: the 7th 1769 Bapt.
Thomas and ‘Deborah Clarcks John B. Novemb. the 6th 1769.
George & Sarah Peterssons Aron B. Dec: the 27th 1769.

PENSNECK 1770

Andrew and Cathrine Helms Mary B. Jan. the 11th 1770.
John and Mary Savoys Elisabeth B. Jan. the 26th 1770.
Henry and Charity Savills Samuel B. July the 24th 1769.
Jacob and Anne Steinheusers Jacob B. Sept. 27th 1767.& Samuel

B. Feb. 1, 1769.
Alpheus & Britta Burtens Rebecca B. Nov: 2d. 1769.
Darias and Ruth V. Neumans Dishee B. Dec: 28th 1769.
John and Sarah Browns Hannah B. Feb: 28th 1761.Susannah B.

Dec: 29th 1763. And William B. Nov. 16th 1766.
Jonas and Anne Jones’ Sarah B. January the 1. 1768.
James and Rachel Cahallens Mary B. Sept: the 17th 1769.
Jonathan & Ebaya Beeslys Morris B. Dec: the 6th 1769.
Aron and Elisabeth Beetles John B. February the 22d. 1770.
Paul and Rody Paulssons Anne B. Feb: the 18th 1770.
George and Mary Starks Mary B. Dec: the 10th 1769.
Joseph and Mary Paulssons Thomas B. March the 17th 1770.
Eudard and Prudence Tunkens Elisabeth B. April the 5th 1770.
William and Jane Ashlys Sarah B. March the 2d. 1770.
Ebenesser and Margeth Embsons Charles B. May the 9th 1770.
Israel and Gertru Dalbous Abel B. May the 9th 1770.
Patrich and Margeth Duffys Neomy B. July the 28th 1770.
Andrew and Patience Hoffmans Patience B. June the 14th 1769.
Michel and Mary Crouhans Benjamin B. April the 15th 1769.
John and Jane Youranssons Andrew B. Aug: the 17th 1770.
Mallacky and Mary Christ: Kellys John B. Sept: the 19th 1770.
Adam and Mary Coles Cathrine B. Nov: the 15th 1769. S. Casp:

¥N.B. Here is filled up from the Racoon list.
Friedrich & Elis: Bollingers Susannah B. July 28th 1770.S’.Jacob

& Elis: Bollinger.
Andrew and Mary Jones’ Andrew B. Sept: the 4th 1770.
Peter and Elisabeth Keyers Joseph B. Aug: the 23d. 1770.
George and Anne Stantens Hannah. B. Aug: (the 2d 1770.
John & Elisz Fouraires Sarah B. Sept: the 10th 1767& Elisabeth

B. Aug. the 19th 1770.

RACOON 1770
Andrew and Deborah Locks Deborah B. Nov. 29th 1769. S. Andrew

Ke-ealen and Lyddy Lock.
John .& —Cathrine Sweetens Rebecca B. Oct: the 31 1767 and her

brother John B. Maye the 9th 1769.
William and Cathrine Nilssons Priscilla B. Jan: the 31 1770.
George & Jane Oaklys George B. July the 26th 1767.
Noah & Agnes Hoffmans John B. Dec. 3d. 1769 & their Robber‘

an adopted child and its parents concealed but B. Oct. 1767.
Joseph Chesters & Hannah Lords Maria B. Dec. 3d 1766 A. B.
John and Sarah Goldsmidts William B. Dec. the 14th 1769.
Leonhard & Mary Stantens Elisabeth B. Feb: the 11th 1770.
John and Charity Greens John B. Dec: the 6th 1769.

[293]



the 15.

May 6.
the 9.
the 20.

June 26.
July 1.

the 22.

Aug. 9.

the 19.

NB. the 14
NOV. 3.
Dec. 1.
the 2

Richard & Sarah Wests Edmond B. Sept: the 9th 1766.
James Bryant a young man old 21 year next 15th may.
Jacob & Regina Jones Caleb B. March the 28th 1770.
Robbert & Sarah 'Clarcl<s Jane B. April the 15th 1770.
Jonas and Susannah Madeiras Johannes B. Sept: the 19th 1769 S.

Jacob and Margeth Madeira.
Benjamin and Deborah Angelous Jehu B. May the 18th 1770.
Christopher and Barborah Arnolds Johan Michael B. May 19th

1770. S. Johan Michael Engeltown & Elisabeth Scheuer.
Johan Joseph & Anne Mary Millers Elisabeth B. Feb: the 25th

1770. S. John Mickel Engeltown & Dorothea Winemyller.
Gabriel & Mary Dalbous Hannah .B. ‘Dec. 31. 1767. and their Wil­

liam N. Nov: 28th 1769. S. Silas Fowler & Cathrine Adams.
Jacob & Rebecca Callohans Susannah B. June the 1st. 1770.
Isaac & Elisabeth Hewets Edmond. B. June the 8th 1770.

John & Jane Peterssons Jane B. April the 3d 1770.
Job & Prischilla Glassbys Aron B. Nov: the 10th 1768.
John and Mary Pintens Andrew B. Sept: the 17th 1770.
John & Mary Cunninghams John B. March the 22d 1769.
Peter and Mary Strickers John B. June the 30th 1766 and their

Mary B. Feb. 25th 1768. :S. John & <Cath. Euler and MargethKalrn.
Conrad and Susannah Schoemakers George B. Sept: the ‘18th 1770.
Magnus and Elisabeth Dragsltroms Hellenah B. Oct. the 12th 1770.
Benjamin & Elisabeth Duffils Joseph B. May the 3d. 1770.
Isaac & Elisabeth V. Neumans Rebecca B. Oct: the 24th 1770.
William and Elisabeth Sweeteens Elisabeth B. June the 24th 1770.
Francis and Elisabeth <ChattensMary B. Sept: the 18th 1761. Their

Rebecca B. Sept: the 26th 1763. George B. July the 26th 1765.
Jane B. Nov. the 23d. 1768 and ‘Clarck B. July 10th 1770. S.
George & M: Clarck.

Isaac and Silly Justissons Mary B. Nov: the 22d 1770.
John and Sarah Locks Garret B. Dec: the 1 1770.
Charles and Rachel Dalbous Charles B. Oct: the 31 1770.
Thomas and Hellena Taylors Andrew B. Nov: the 21. 1770.

PENSNECK 1771145

Isaac & Anne Nilssons Isaac B. Aug. the 11th 1771.

Jonwafis& }7I%:llenahHoffmans Aram & Talitha Itweens B. May therst 1 .
Abram & Grace Marslanders Joab. B. Oct. the 29th 1767and their

Marta B. December the 11th 1769.
Thomas Bright 40 year of age his Son Jesse B. June the 13th 1765.

his Charles B. April the 26th 1768.His Ruth B. Feb. the 19th
1771with his pres: wife Isabella.

Joseph Connover about 30 year of age at great Eggharbour.
John & Elizabeth Corrys Margeth B. Sept. the 17th 1771.
Hance & Margeth Lambssons Mecum B. January the first 1771.
Andrew & Margeth Senicksons Rebeccah B. Oct. the 27th 1770.
John & Hannah Dillmores Thomas B. March the 26th 1769.
John & Anne M’Carssons Marta B. April the 24th 1771.

"5 Incomplete in the original.

[294]



the 15

the 24

January
the 20th
Feb: 13
the 20

March
the 28
April
the 14:
the 31

M. River.
the 7th
the 10

the 28.
May
the 14

the 4.
the 14

the 12.

the 27
the 29

the 31.

June 8

NB.
March 14
the 16
the 30

July 7

Nb.

July 7

the 21
the 25

John & Lorena Crebs Whitton B. May the 26th 1771.
Albert & Sarah Bilderback’s Francis B. April the 7th 1771.
Cornelius & Rsachel Boons Magdlene B. Dec. the 19th 1771.

RACOON 1771
Josias N. June the 1st. 1767. The mother Hanna Plomblin the

father concealed.
Andrew & Judith Hindrickssons Isaac B. Jan: the 16th 1771.
Jacob & Margreth Madeiras Adam B. January the 10th 1771. S.

Adam & Elis: Schytz.
George & Hannah Horners Friedrich and Abigail tweens B. Jan.

the 23d 1771.P. S'urities Friedrich and Abigail Weaver.
Samuel & Lovisa Laidens Abigail B. Jan: the 10th 1771.S. Fred­

rich & Abigail Wiver.
Thomas & Cathrine Parkers Jacob B. Feb the 4th 1771.S. Jacob &

Cath: Sly & Ursilla Catt.

Samuel and Ambrosia Cobbs Erick B. March the 3d 1770.
Thomas and Elisabeth Jones’ Lydia B. March the 11th 1771.
Thomas and Rebeca Shopshires Lovisa B. December the 14th 1770.
Nathan and Mary Schaws Henry B. March the 8th 1771.
Mathew and Susannah Lords Annanias B. April the 15th 1771.

Cleft and Susannah Ronils John B. May the 7th 1771.
Eduard and Dina Hamptons William B. October the 20th 1770.
John and Sara Goldsmiths Charles B. May the 1st. 1771.
Jonas & Christina Keens Isaac B. Dec. the 28th 1770.
Jonas and Anna Jones William B. March the 11th 1771.
Thomas and Mary Webbers Mary B. October the 30th 1770.
James and Sara Pflannigans Elisabeth B. April the 31 1771.
John and Maria Savoys Rachel B. April the 6th 1771.
John and Susannah Richards Jacob B. May the 10th 1770.
John & Mary Stillmans Edmond B. Oct. 31 1770.
Charles and Rebecca Cocks Isaac B. May the 18th 1771.
Marten and Hannah Dylanys Isaac B. Sept: the 5th 1767 their

Daniel B.: June the 3rd 1769.Their Elizabeth B. Oct: the 3d
1770 S. [Surities] Dr. Bodo & Marg: Otto.

John and Elisabeth Keepers John B. Sept: the 18th 1766.Their
Rachel B. March the 29th 1769. Their Rody B. Sept: 27th
1770 S. [Surities] Dr. Bodo & Marg: Otto.

Conrade and Cathrine Nails Joseph B. August the 26th 1770.
Was Mary Welch baptized by me on her sickbed near 50 year old.
Jacob and Mary Gosslins Mary B. Jan: the 8th 1770.
Cornelius and Marta Briants Sarah B. Dec: the 7th 1770.
Thomas and Elisabeth Barns Blair B. Feb: the 25th 1771.
James & Sara Dilcks Sara & Anne tweens B. Sept. the 17th 1770.
John & Emy Duffields James B. May the 14th 1767 their Sara B.

Sept. the 18th 1769. Their John B. May the 24th 1771.
The continuation of this & the following year see a litle before

the accounts here next forgoing.
Jeremia & Jane Carters Emy B. march the 16th 1757. their son

Samuel Aug: the 12th 1760.Their John B. Sept: the 27th 1769.
Their Sarah. B. February the 4th 1771.

John & Elisabeth Jones John B. Oct. the 8th 1770.
William and Mary Englands Mary B. June the 13th 1771.
Mary Roulens Edward b. April the 22d. 1771. attrib. fath: Dr.

Lithgow.

[2951



the 28

the 29
Aug: 10

the is
Sept. 1

the 10.
Dec. 13.
Dec. 13.
the 24
the 29.

Feb.9
the 23
March 8
April 17
dito

the 16
May 17
June 7
the 10
the 28

July 12
Aug. 2

Oct. 12

Dec. 25
the 28

the 18

Jan: 1
the 12
Feb. the 2

the 2

March 3
the 4

John and Cathrine Culens, Jacob. B. April 28th 1771. s. Jacob Calan
& Eliz. Pile.

David & Elisabeth Pfloids David B. March the 15th 1771.
James & Cathrine Scotts Sarah B. Oct. the 25th 1770.

Laurence & Susannah Peterssons Elizabeth B. April the 4th 1771.
Jacob & Anne Leissingers Peter B. Feb: the 4th 1771. S. Pet:

Green & Mary Catt.
Isaac & Sarah V. Neumans Hellena B. August the 23d. 1771.
George & Magdlene Sommerwills James B. Nov: the 13th 1771.
George & Magdlene Sommerwills James B. Nov: the 13th 1771.
Abram & Christine Keens Cathrine B. Dec: the 3d. 1771.
Adam & Elizabeth Schytzes Cathrine B. Decemb: the 7th 1771.
William and Mary Englands Children you find here recorded, all in
one place for better conveniency sake.——Viz:
Thomas, born April the 17th, 1753.
VVilliam, -born December the 8th, 1757.
Daniel, born January the 27th, 1760.
Elias, born March the 11th, 1762.
Sarah, born February the 3d, 1764.
James, born April the 5th, 1769.
Mary, born June the 13th, 1771.

PENSNECK 1772
Alexander & Margeth Browns Rebecca B. May the 18th 1771.
Aron & Elisabeth Beetles Aron B. Feb. the 11th 1772.
Andrew and Cathrine Helms’ John B. feb. the 24th 1772.
Alexander & Elisabeth ‘Coopers George b. July the 19th 1770.
Joseph and Mary Pohlssons Hannah B. Feb. the 16th 1772.
Conrade & Rachel Fautzers William B. August the 24th 1771.
John Crebs a married man brought up a friend B. Nov. 24th 1747.
William and Hannah Rights Rebeccah B. April the 3d 1772.
Darias & Ruth V: N-eumans Priscilla B. March the 28th 1772.
John & Susannah Lee’s Mary B. December the 10th 1771.
Swen & Mary Senicksons Elisabeth B. February the 12th 1772.
John & Jane Bootens George B. September the 11th 1771.
William & Jane ‘Gill Johnssons Andrew B. October the 28th 1771.
Jacob & Susannah Halliards Mary B. March the 10th 1771.
Richard Merrides and Rachel Burcks illeg: Child Richard B. June

the 7th 1772.
Curtis & Elisabeth Tranchards Elisabeth b. May the 6th 1772.
William & Jane Ashly’s William B. July the 2d. 1772.
Niclas & Cathrine Keens James b. Nov: the 12th 1771.
Andrew & Margreth Stand1y’s Henry B. September the 27th 1772.
Thomas & Cathrine Pattersons ‘Mary B. Aug. the 17th 1764.
Augustine & Mary Peterssons Abram b. November the 18th 1772.

RACOON 1772
Nathanael & Margeth Sanders John B. Nov. the 3d 1771.
Thomas & Deborah ‘Clark’s Mary, B. Nov. the 28th 1771.
Adam & Eliz: Schylz Anne Mary B. Oct. 21. 1771. S. Conrade &

Susy Schoemaker.
Henry & Sary Hindricksons Peter B. Dec. the 5th 1771 S. And:

Mattson.
John Fredrich & Elis: Bollingers ‘Friedrick b. Feb. the 26th 1772.
Peter & Mary Keyers Benjamin B. Feb. the 29th 1772.

I296]



the 5
the 29
April
the 12

the 28
May 10

the 17
the 10
June 1

the 6
the 19
the 21

July 8
July 12
Aug. 9

the 11
the 16

Sept. 11
Octob. 13
the 18
the 26

Nov. 23

Dec. 6
the 26

Jan. 31
Feb. 10
the 21.
March 14

Salem 15
the 28

April 25

May 4
the 23
June 20
July 11

Peter & <Regina Locks Lydia B. Feb. the 12th 1772.
John & Mary McDarmuts Isac. B. feb. the 17th 1772.

Elisabeth Johnsson about 24th years old, and her
Feb. the 20th 1772. Her husband and the fathers
Johnsson.

Lawrence & Sarah Friends Sarah B. March the 15th 1772.
Jonas & Mary Hindrichsons Gabriel B. Feb. the 10th 1772.
Dito his daughters Elisabeth ill: child ‘Cathrine B. in March ditoyear.
Daniel & Sary Sutherlands Sary B. April the 17th 1772.
Baltzar and Marta Riseners Lydia B. March the 27th 1772.
Thomas & ‘Christiane Clercks Jeffry B. Nov. the 27th 1771. NBthis is Clemell Clerk.
Samuel & Lovisa Laiddens Mary ‘B. February the 3d. 1772.
John & Elisabeth Rambos Jacob B. December the 31st. 1771.
Andrew & Mary Mattssons Aron B. May the 13th 1772.
Alexander & -Cathrine Forsters Deborah B. February the 27th 1769.
Abram & ‘Cathrine Lords Zephayah B. June the 30th 1771.
James & «Cathrine ~Clarck’s Peter B. February the 23d 1772.
John & Susy Madeirah’s Margreth B, April 4th 1772 s. Jae: &Marg: Madeira.
Joseph & Merry Westerns Elisabeth B. July the 26th 1772.
Elisabeth Pintons, Jacob, illeg: B. May the 28th 1772.
Jeremiah & Britta Allens John ‘B. June the 23d 1771.
James & Cathrine Scott’s Rebecca B. July the 9th 1772.
John & ‘Cathrine Reynolds Elias B. January the 4th 1771.
Isaac & Sarah V. Neumans ‘Sarah. B. August the 26 1772.
Joseph & Elisabeth Rise’s Jacob B. ‘September the 25th 1772.
Conrade & Mary Kertzly’s Barborah B. May the 24th 1767 their

Son John b. March 8th 1772. S. John & Mary Kyckerau.
Benjamin & Margreth Richards ‘Cathrine B. September the24th 1 1.
Andrew & Lyddy Hindricksson’s Peter B. November the 27th 1772.
John & Mary Codd’s Mary B. Sept: the 10th 1759. Their Hellenah

B. February the 7th 1762. Their John B. Aug: the 4th 1767.
James B. Sept. the 20th 1769.

Son James B.
name George

PENSNECK 1773.

Erick & Anne Peterssons Henry, N. Jan: the 22d. 1773.
William & Mary Johnst0n’s Mary b. Oct. the 22d. 1772.
Jacob & Else Savoy’s Sam. B. Feb. the 4th 1773.
Hance & Margreth Lambsson’s Lawrence B. Jan. the 14th 1773.

Edward & Prudence Tunkens Samuel B. October the 24th 1772.
Conrade & Cathrine Neal’s Philippina B. Aug. the 25th 1772 S.

Philippina Wagener.
Benjamin & Susy Pedricks Thalitha B. Feb. the 18th 1773. S.Bricks Barton.
John and Sarah Ca'tt’s Sarah B. June the 25th 1772.
Thomas and Cathrine Parkers William B. Feb. the 7th. 1773 S.

Jacob and Cathrine Sly, & Ursilla and Mary Catt.
Casper & Regina Sacks, Jacob B. March the 31 1773.
Mallacky and Mary Kelly’s Sarah B. January the 23d. 1773.
Richard and Christine Merides Alles, B. January the 23d. 1773.
Andrew and Margreth Senicksons Henry B. April the 14th 1773.

[297]



Aug. 1 Alexander & Elisabeth Coopers Alexander B. April the first 1773.
Thomas & Mary Richardssons Elisabeth B. July the 5th 1772.

the 22 Jacob & Susannah Howells John B. April the 15th 1773.
Oct. 10 Albertus & Sarah Bilderback, Isaac B. March the 14th 1773.

John and Renah Crabs’s Sarah B. March the 26th 1773.
the 11 William & Jane Gill-Janssons Sarah B. June the 19th 1773 S.

Christiane and Anl Zepherus Handly.
John and Susannah Howels John B. April the 15th 1773.

the 18 William and Isabella Hutssons William B. Septbr. the 24th 1773.
Here lay thee down thy pen: here thy course takes an end
You’ve written long enough, let another turn the pages.146

RACOON 1773.

Jan. 10 Abram and Cathrine Lords Abram B. Dec. the 4th 1772.
John & Rebecca Streengs Mary B. Dec. the 17th 1772.
Isaac & Silly Jiestissons Sary B: November the 28th 1772.

Feb. 14 James & Cathrine Steelmans Elisabeth B. February the 5th 1773
S. William & Britta Homan & Hellena Lock.

the 17 Charles & Rebecca Cock’s Rebeccah B. January the 29th 1773.
the 20 Bodo & Cathrine Otto’s Jnrs. D. M. Cathrina Margeta B. Jan.

the 20th 1773. S. Bodo Otto Jnr. Margretha Schweighauser,
& Christ: Lockner.

the 26 William & Rebecca Forekers Joseph B. March the 26th 1769,and
their VVilliam B. January the 9th 1773.

the 27 Jacob & Cathrine Hewes Cathrine B. Feb: the 25th 1771and their
Hannah B. October the first 1772.

Gabriel & Mary Dalbous Gabriel B. May the first 1772. S. Jonas
Dalbous.

April 11 John & Mary Pintons Cathrine B. March the 12th 1773.
the 13 Elizabeth Vanleer Wife of George Vanleer Esqr. old 35 years the

15th day of Jan: Last, and all these following their children
were baptised the same time viz——‘MaryVanleer B. July the
20th 1757. Hannah B. January the 27th 1759. Beauty B. July
the 16th 1760. William B. June the 25th 1762. Elizabeth B.
February the 21st. 1765. Rebecah B. January the 16th 1768.
Zebeah B. January the 21st. 1770 and their George B. June
the 17th 1772.

the 27 George & Anne Sitantens Friedrick B. January the 10th 1773.
May 2 James and Sarah Gardiners Peter B. April the 4th 1772.

Jacob and Anne Mary Madeira’s Anna Margretha B. March the
26th 1773. S’.Anna Margretha Calm.

May 5 Charle§4& Rachel Dalbous John B. April the first 1773 S. Eliz V.N. an.
the 20 Phoeby Beetle about 15 years of age ——
June 6 Friedrick & Elisabeth Bullingers Eva Christine B. March the

28th 1773. S. Living and Christina Gull.
Christopher & Barbara Arnholds Elisabeth B. Oct. the 10th 1772.

Aug. 9 Thomas & Isabelle Rights, Wade B. June the 13th 1773.
October 12 Thomas and Deborah Clarcks Denny B. Septbr. the 30th 1773.
the 10 Robbert and Rachel Browns Marta B. Septbr. 29th 1773.
the 13 Peter and Elisabeth Keyers Jacob B. Septbr. the 11th 1773.
the 17 William & Elizabeth Sweetens Gideon B. May the 21st. 1773.
the 21 John and Elizabeth Foriikers Edy B. Feb. the 15th 1773.

.14“Written in Swedish by W_icksellat the end of his time as pastor. His successor, Nicholas
Collin, used English almost exclusively.

[298]



PENS NECK 1774

Patric and Margarethe ‘Dauffis their daughter born the 22d Decem: 1773, bap­tized the 18 Jan:
Febr: 20th Peter born 18 Jan. 1774. Parents Peter and Sarah Angelo.
Mary 9th June 1762. The same Father and his first wife.
13 Elizabeth born 18th Jan. this year. Parents Aaron and Elizabeth Biddel.
April 4 Henry born 17 Oct: 1773 Parents, Henry and Elizabeth Floyd.
John born 1 Apr: Parents Garret and Barbara Van Neaman.
John born 7th February 1774 parents
Dito llth Deborah born 7th March. Parents Eben Israel and Debora Emson.
Willjam born 15th Apr: 1774.Parents Nicholas and : Keen.
Sarah born the 4th of Oct: Parents Obadiah and Susanna Allen.
Nancy born 17 Jan. 1765 Parents Nicholas Daniel and Nancy Nelson.
Helena born 15 Dec: Parents Cornelius and Rachel Boon.
Andrew 9th November Parents Andrew and Cathrine Hellms.
Jacob 14th Dec: Parents Jacob Susanna Taylor.
Edward, son of ‘Curtis and Elizab-Trenchard in Salem B. 11 March 1774.

RACOON 1774

Maj [May] 6th Susanna born 19 March 1774. Parents Joshua and Elizabeth Lord.
7th June William born 16th Jan: Hanna and William Forsman.
Cathrine born 8th of May Parents Sarah Tomas Clark.
John 29 December 1773 James and ‘Sara Gardiner.
John Swecks old Jacob and Rebecca Matson.
Linnard Stantons daughter Hanna born 4 Apr: 1774 baptised in Maj.
The 19th June the following baptised,
Richard born 3d December last year. Parents Mary and Joseph Paultson.
Elizabeth born 17 March 1772 Parents Eliah and Marget Barney.dito Willjam 8th Dec: 1772. Same Parents.
Cathrine born 28 Febr: 1774 Parents ‘Conrad and ‘Cathrine Cole.
John 14 May 1772 Parents Adam and Mary Cole.
Elisha born 11 ‘May 1774 Parents Thomas and -Mary Righley.
Elizabeth born 23 Nov: 1774 Parents John and Helena Halton.
John born 15 June Parents Andrew and ‘Mary Jones.
Thomas born the 20th of August Parents Noah and Agnes Hopman.
Parc Garsham and Margrete, Alexander 30 Aug: 1774.
Sarah Laurence and Sarah Friend; Rachel born the 10th of Oct:
Elizabeth born 27 Nov. 1774. Parents Andrew and Judy Henricson.
Rudy the 16th Octobr: Parents Josha and Lissy Rambo.
Isac 22d Dec: Joseph and Elizabeth Rice.

PENS NECK 1775147

Brathwait born the 28th of Julii 1763. Parents Brathwait and Dorothy Tuft.
Mary born the 16th of August 1765. Parents Brathwait and Mary Tuft.
Sarah born the 26th December 1774. Parents Brathwait and Christian Tuft.
Deriah 5th Febr: of the present year. Parents Doris and ‘Ruthy Van Neaman.
Mary 10th Jan: of this year Parents Thomas and Cathrine Parker.
Joseph 15 Dec: 1774 Parents John and Mary MdCreed.

RACOON 1775

John the 10th of Jan: Palser and Margreta Reisner.
Sarah born the 7th of January Anno 1775Parents Charles and Rebecca Cox.
Jacob 26 Sept: 1773Parents Edward Hamton and Diana H.j__...

“" Incomplete in the original.

[299]



Mathew 14th of Sept: 1774Mathew and Susanna Lord.
Sarah Parents Gabriel and Mary Dahlbo born Dec: 1774.
February
Jane blorriithe 23d of December, baptised the second. Daniel and Sarah South­er an .
April 12th
Johannes 27th September. Michel Power and Sarah.
Jacob and Margret Madeira—Samuel 24th of February.
Richard son of Joseph and Mary Richards born the 21st Dec: 1774.
Sarah born 5th of Apr this year, baptised 11th of June. Parents Jacob and

Regina Jones.
Cathrine born April 20th 1775.baptised 18th June.
Sarah born the 15Apr: this year. Parents John and Sarah Goldsmith.
Cathrine born 25th of Febr: Christened 29th of Julii this year. Parents Conrad

and Susanna Shoemaker.
Isac born the 15th of August baptised the 22d of Sept :. Parents Isac and

Sarah Van Neaman.

Josetphhborn 27th of Julii baptised 8th Octobr: Willjam Sweeten and Elisa­et .
Baptised the 27th of October Benjamin born 25th Sept: present year. Parents

Jacob and Mary Archer.
Edward born 22d April this year. Parents Edward and Rachel Green.
John born last December 1771.Mary 8th of September this year. Parents of

these Robert and Mary Craighead.
William born 30th of August, Parents John and Sarah Booth.
Anne born 3d of August. Parents Isac and Gertrude Dericson.
These baptised the 12th of November.
Elisabeth born 13th of Octr: baptised 26th of Nov: Parents Cliffon and

Susanna Roel.
Jane Daughter of James and Mary Brown born the eigth, baptised the 18th

of December.
Gideon son of Isac and Cecilia Jestis born 25th November Christened 25th

December.
RACOON 1776

Jan: 7th. Sarah daughter of George and Sarah Petersson born 1st of Jan:
27th. Elisabeth daughter of Malachiah and Elisabeth Horner. Born 25th

of June last year.
Feb: 18th. Isac born 22d Jan: last Parents Garrit and Barbara van Neaman.
19th. Samuel born 4th of Sept: 1775Parents Thomas and Debora Clark.
March John born 9th of Febr: Parents Charles and Britta Stillman.
last. John born 28th of November 1775Parents Andrew and Elisabeth

Matson.
Apr: 3d. John born 2d of November Parents David and Margrete Fox.
Ditto 6th. John born Febr: 9th Benjamin and Deborah Angelo.

Jacob 3d of March Jacob and Rebecca Calloway.
May. William 10th of Apr: John and Brigitta Hennigen.
10th Mary 5th of Oct: 1775Peter & Sara Coughlin.
17th John born 16th of Apr: instant, Parents David and Mary Der­

l‘1CSOI’l.

June 2d. Noah born 9th of March instant Parents William and Sarah Clark.
8th. Elisabeth born 11th of Febr: instant William and Hanna Fursman.
16th. Anne 18th of Jan: inst: Par: Thomas and Elisabeth Barns.

John 9th of Jan: inst: Charles and Mary Bensley.
June 23d. Mary born 11th of May Inst: P: Thomas and Mary Riley.
10thJulii Jemymy born 31st of May Inst: Parents James and Cathrine

Steelrnan.
[300]



18th Sarah daughter of Israel Lock and Betsy Cook born in Febr:
1775.Suretys John and Elisabeth Cloyn.

22d. Cathrine born 30th December last year. Parents‘ James and Cath­
rine Clark.

4th Mary born August the 5th of Julii inst: Parents Jacob and Stina
Jestison. [Justis].

llth Sven born 25th of June inst: Parents Zebulon and Drusilla Lock.
13th Elizabeth born 27th of Julii 1774 John and Cathrine Alexander

Parents.
ditto Ga[r]sham son of Garsham and Margret Alexander.
August. William born lst Januari 1772Parents Patric and Cathrine Boon.

Mary daughter of the same born 12th ditto.
Barbary born 23dApr: inst: Parents Aaron and Elisabeth Beetle.

Sept: Martha born 24th of April 1774Walentine and Sarah Runnels.
Hannah ditto 11th of June inst:

Rebecca born 25th of August inst: Par: Andrew and Judith
Henricson.

Octobr 6 William Parents Cornelius and Rachel Boon born this day.
19 Sarah born 21st of Sept: inst: Parents Moses and Rebecca Hop­

man.
lst. Mary born 6th of Nov: 1775Parents Amariah and Lydia Dahlbo.
November Mary tl))orn 15th of Nov: inst: Parents James and PriscillaRo erts.

Martha 1st of January inst: P: Hewett and Mary Forbes.
Decembr: John br: 17th of April inst: Mother Elisabeth Sirren.

1777

Elisabeth born 5th of November 1776 Parents Peter and Elisabeth Kayer.
Charles Parents ‘Charles and Alice Halton born 19th of June last. 1776.
Edward '1): 20th of March last year. Pars: Elihu and Margrete Barnet.
Eleanore b: 6th of Jan: inst: Parents Morris and Magdalene Welch.
Mary b: 5th of August last, Parents Jacob and Anne Stiner.
Josep b: 21st of June last, Parents Joseph and Mary Poulsson.
Susannah b: 11th of August last P: Mathew and Susanna Lord. Bapt: 8th of

March.
Deborah b: 25th of Febr: inst: Pars: ‘Daniel and Sarah Southerland.
Samuel b: 16 Apr: inst: Parents Laurence and Sarah Friend.
Silas b: in May 1776 Parents Joseph and Mary Richards.
Wiljam B: 22d of May inst: P: Jacob and Margaretha Madeira.
John b: 10th of Apr: inst: P: Joshua and Jail Halton.
Lewis b: latter part of June inst: Lewis and Margrete Fisler Parents.
Cathrina Elisabeth b: 28th of May Parents Joshua and Cathrine Lord.
Alexander b: 3d of June inst: Pars: Abraham and Christine Keen.
Samuel b: 14th of August inst: parents -Conrad and Susanna Shoemaker.
Elisabeth b: 29 Aug: inst: Parents Augustine and Mary Peterson.
Robert bi: last of May Inst: P: Richard and Sara Tittimerry.
Elisabeth b: 28th of Aug: inst: P: Joseph and Elisabeth Rice.
William b: 12 of Dec: 1776 P: John and _ ‘Howel.
John b: 18th of March 1776 Malachia and Elizabeth I-Iorner.
Elizabeth b: 21st of Sept: inst: Parents George and Cathrine Piles.
Rebecca 17th of Sept: inst: Parents Isac and Sarah Van Neaman.

1777-78

Peter b: 14 Aug: 1777 Parents Jonas and Christina Keen.
Cathrine b: ‘11Febr: 1777 Parents Thomas and Cathrine Parker.

[301]



Charlette b: 26 May 1777 Pars: Conrad and Judy Nail.
Rachel bz 17th of March inst: Pars: Gabriel and Rebecca Dahlbo.
Joseph 1): 6th of Apr: inst: Parents Wiljam and Anna Bright.
Jacob b: 28th of Julii 1778 Parents George and Mary Stanton.
Mathias b: 23d of Jan: 1777 Steven and Elizabeth M’=Gill.
Hannah b: 5th of Sept: inst: Parents Jacob and ‘Christina Justis.
Rebecca b: ‘l5“thof July inst: Par: Andrew and Rebecca Hellms.
John b: 3d of :May inst: Mathew and Susanna Lord Parents.
Mary daughter of William and Hanna Fursman b: 27 of Julii 1778.
John Laurence son of John and Cathrine iCarey b: 20 Julii, 1777.

1779

3d. William b: 1st of August 1778 Parents Walentine and Sarah Runnels.
Feby: Hanna b: 17th of ‘March 1778 Jacob and Rebecca Matson Parents.
Elizabeth b: 15th of Apr: 1776 Parents Samuel and Louisa Lidden.
Rebecca b: 1st of July 1778 Parents—same.
Deborah '1): 15th of Nov: 1778 Parents Benjamin and Deborah Angelou.
David b: 29th of Oct. 1778 Parents William and Elizabeth Roy.
John 5th of Nov: 1778, Parents James and Cathrine Stillman.
Sarah b: 23d of Nov: 1778 Parents John and Sarah Clark.
John Nicholas Parents Sarah ‘Goldsmith and Somebody.
Andrew 1): 12th of March inst: parents Andrew and Elizabeth Horner.
Wiljam b: 3th of May inst: Parents John and Sarah Richards.
Michael b: 29th of Octobre 1778 and Magdalena b: 10th of March 1775.
both children of Christopher and Barbary Arnot.
Sarah b: 24th September 1778 Parents Gustaf and Hanna Halton.
John ditto b: 15th June 1775.
William b: 16th of Junt Inst: parents Luke and Margret ‘Fisler.
William b: 30th of April 1779 Parents Fredric and Elizabeth Pullinger.
James 21st of Aug: inst. Parents Daniel and Sarah Southerland.
Charles Simon b: 31st of July Jacob and Elizabeth Linnardt Parents.
Sarah b: 5th of Oct: 1778 Jacob and Deborah Urian.
John b: 3d of Sept inst. Parents Samuel and Sarah Dahlbo Pensneck.
John b: 16th of Oct: inst. Parents James and Elizabeth Bryant.
Susannah b: 13th of Sept: inst: parents Jacob and Margrete Madeira.
Kesia daughter of Edward and Diana Hampton b: 3d of April 1779.
Mary b: 20th of Oct: "George and Cathrine Pile.
Peter and Susannah Hunters children: Samuel b: 10th o"f March 1764. Aaron

b: 14th of Sept. 1766. Enoch b: 1st of July 1770. Hannah b: 14th of Oct.
1771. Mary b; 29th of June 1773. Isac and Jacob twins b: 1st of June
‘1776. Peter b: 4th of June 1778.

1780

Elizabeth b: 12th of Apr: 1777 Parents -Edward and ‘Diana Hampton.
Esrah b: 29th of Jan: inst. Parents Andrew and Judith Henrickson.
Jesse b: 28th of Janyinst: Malackia and Mary Christina Kelly.
Mary b: 1st of March 1777 ditto parents.
David b: 12th of December 1779 Par. David & Eddy Henricson.
David b. 16th of Febr. Inst: Jacob and Rebecca Calloway.
Mehetebel daughter of John and Margareth Lock, b: 6th of Febr: 1780.
Anne b: 16th of March last Parents Wiljam and ‘Elizabeth Runnels.
Sarah 26th of Sept. 1779 Jacob and Anne Middleton.
Willjama Hellms b: 15th of June inst. Parents Isac and Sarah Van Neaman.
Charles b: 31st of May inst: Parents Samuel and Judy Pickin.
John b: 1st of Jan. 1780 Parents John and Susannah Mc Leman.
Benjamin b: August 22d.

[302]



Priscilla b: Oct. 2d. , 4_ V J ‘
Richard b: 3d of Novembr: 1778 Parents John and Susanna Richard.
George b: 20th of April 1780 Parents Adam and Elizabeth Schiitz.
Rebecca b: 22d of Sept 1780 Par. Laurence and Sara Friend.

John b: 31st of Jan. 1779, Par. N. and Magdalena Marshal, then living in Rapapo.1 81
Isac b. the 8th of Nov. 1780 Par. Jacob and ‘Christina Jestis.
Isac b. 18th of Decemb. 1780, Parents Daniel and Sally Southerland.

Jan.
Mathew b. 21st. of Feb. inst. John and Mary Cook.
Charles Friedric b. 6th of Febr. inst. Jacob and Rebecca Myer Par.
Louisa Leddon b. 14th of Decemb. 1780 Samuel and Louisa Leddon Pars.
James b. 19th of Febr: ‘1777Par. Jacob and Mary Van Neaman.
George Armond Garret b. the 11th of April 1780 Pars. John and Anne Garret.
Wiljam (a black) b. last of Aug. 1776 his mother ‘Cathrine a Negro.
Miles b. 2d. of Oct. 1780 P. David and Hanna Garrison.
Sarah b. 4th of Apr. Pars. Daniel and Rebecca England.
Anne b. 12th of Nov. 1779. P. Joseph and Mary Rice.
Martha b. 16th of May inst. Jacob and Lidia Shoulders.
Martha b. 27th of Novembr. 1780.Pars. — Gill.
Wiljam b. 7th of Jan. 1781 Pars. Jacob and Rebecca Matson.
Samuel b. 6th of July inst. Par. Peter and Elizabeth Stinger.
Andrew b. 15th of June par. James and ‘Cathrine Stillman.
Catun born Sept. 12th Par. John and Lydia Strang.
Debora b. 18th Nov. 1776 Par. Hue and Hanna Montgommery.
Mary b. 4th of Oct. Jacob and Emilia Catts.
Fredric b. the 4th of May inst. Par. Malachy and Elizabeth Howel.

1782.

Hanna b. 16th day of Novembr. 1781Par. James & Elizabeth Bryan.
Elizabeth b. 15th of January this year, Par. Isac & Baja Van Neaman.
Susanna b. 20th of December inst. par. Ephraim & Debora Saly.
Cathrine b. Decemb. 13th 1773.
Elizabeth March 13th 1776
Christina May 13th 1778
John Decemb. 26th 1781

Parents John & Cathrine Catts.
John b. 11th of Jan. inst. Parents Charles and Mary Halton.
Rachel b. 10th of Febr: Mathias & Mary Johnson Par.
Sara b. 25th of December last. Par. Jacob & Margret Madira Ev: John

Rickers. {M4 _L ;*
Anna b. 2d of Decemb. last Parents Friedric & Elizabeth Pullinger.
Sarah b. 17th of December 1781Par. Thomas & Debora Clark.
Margareta b. 13th of Aug: 1781Par. Thomas & Mary Ryley.
Rebecca b. 23d. Nov. 1781Par. Lucas & Marget Fisler.
Jacob b. 25th of Apr. Inst. Par. Adam & Cathrine Stinger.
Anne Mary b. 11th of Jan. inst. Par. Philip & Dorothy Stinger.
Jacob b. 18th of Decemb. 1781Par. Valentine & Sophy Forser.
Wilhelm b. March 9th inst. Par. Daniel & Eva Stinger.
Rebecca b. 15th of June inst. P. Malachy & Mary Christine Kelly.
Sara b. 23d of Sept. instant Par. Peter & Elizabeth Stinger.
Samuel b. 20th of June inst. P. George & Cathrine Pile.
Pertina b. 26th of Aug. inst. Parents John and Louisa Regu.
Cathrine b. 4th of July inst. Par. James & Cathrine Flannigan.
Jessey b. 25th of Sept. last. P. Joseph and Mary Rice.
William b. 19th of Oct. inst. Par. Paltes & Martha Reisner.

[303]



1783

George b. 13th of June 1782Par. Conrad & Susanna Shoemaker.
Sarah b. 19th of Aug. 1782 Par. Adam & Elizabeth S'chyz.
Hinchman b. 11th of Oct. 1782Par. James and Paty Tallman.
Priscilla Hewling with her children to Wit. Marget b. 13th of March 1774

Priscilla Jan: 14th 1776. Samuel 8th of Febr. 1778,Wiljam Nov. 20th 1780.
Hanna b. Sept. 13th 1782Par. William & Sara Noble.
Wiljam b. 18th of Nov. 1782Parents Jacob & Lydia Sholders.
Danson b. Oct. 14th 1781, Branson b. March 22d 1777 Kesiah B. Apr. 18th

1774.Parents of the three, George and Elizabeth Van Lear.
John b. 29th of July last. Par. William & Elizabeth Runnels.
Elizabeth b. 29th of Jan. 1783inst. Par. Thomas & Cathrine Parker.
Wiljam Watson England b. 6th of Apr. inst. Par. Daniel & Rebecca England.
Mary b. 27th of March inst. Parents Thomas & Hester England.
Hester, mother of this child 23‘years old last Oct. the 18th.
James b. 2d of April 1782Par. John & Sara Clark.
Benjamin b. the 14th of December 1782,Par. Malachy et Elizabeth Horner.
Zephanias son of Tomlin and his wife deceased, b. 5th of Apr. 1775.
Mary daughter of Eglinton et his wife b. Nov. 1776.
These two orphans brought to baptism by Mathew Morgan et his wife to

whom they are bound.
John b. 21st. of May inst. Par. John & Cathrine Hoffman.
Mary b. 30th of March inst. Par. Charles & Mary Halton.
Lydia b. 19th of Sept. P. John & Lidia String.
Wiljam b. 22d of Nov. inst. Par. James & Cathrine Flannigan.
Jonathan b. —+—Par. James et -———Shoulders.
Daniel 12 Dec. inst. Par. Daniel & Sara Sutlerland.
Fredric b. 6th of Febr. 1781,Par. Jacob and Marget Myers.

[304]


