Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia
BAPTISMAL RECORDS OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH,
LANCASTER, 1801-1804
A. D. 1801, born on the loth day of January and baptized on the i8th,
Catherine, lawful daughter of Joseph and Barbara Trautman. Spon-
sors were Anthony and Maria Hook.
A. D. 1801, born on the i8th day of February and baptized on the 5th
day of April, Esther, lawful daughter of Peter and Anna Stock-
sieger. Sponsors were Philip and Magdalena Stocksleger.
A. D. 1799, born on the 25th day of December and baptized on the 5th
day of April, Catherine, lawful daughter of Kirchman. God-
mother was Kirchman.
A. D. 1801, born on the day and baptized on the 6th day of
April, Maria, lawful daughter of John and Catherine M'Groarty.
Godmother was Boyle. Corrected by I. W. Beschler.
(Note in a different hand.)
A. D. 1801, born on the i6th day of April and baptized on the I9th of
the same, George, lawful son of Anthony and Christina Guinter.
Sponsors were James Carolus and Maria Ziegler.
A. D. 1801, born on the 3ist day of March and baptized on the 1 4th day
of April, James, lawful son of Michael and Frances Gallegher.
Sponsors were Andrew M'Gachan and Catherine M'Gaughey.
A. D. 1800, born on the 7th day of December and baptized on the i4th
day of April, Henrietta, lawful daughter of Patrick and Anna
M'Guingen. Sponsors were Matthew Theston (?) and Rebecca
Algae. (Algayer ?)
A. D. 1799, born on the isth day of January and baptized on the I4th
day of April, Daniel, son of Elizabeth Hurd. Sponsors
were Andrew N'Guigen and Anna Larton (?).
A. D. 1801, born on the 22d day of January and baptized on the 27th
day of April, Andrew, lawful son of Edward and Margaret M'Enley.
Godfather was William M'Larren.
A. D. 1800, born on the day and baptized on the 30th day of April,
a lawful child of . Sponsor was James Lafferty.
A. D. 1801, born on the and baptized on the , Anthony, law-
ful son of Nicholas and Stormbach. Godmother was
Stormbach.
A. D. 1800, born on the ist day of July and baptized on the I7th day of
May, John, lawful son of Henry and Maria Woods. (Sponsors)
William Graham and Catherine M' David.
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 343
A. D. 1800, born on the I7th day of February and baptized on the i;th
day of May, Joanna, lawful daughter of Patrick and Sarah
M'Gofe (?). Godfather was Andrew M'Logran.
A. D. 1801, born on the 6th day of May and baptized on the I3th day
of the same, Anna, lawful daughter of Barnaby and Joanna
M'Lasky. Sponsers were Patrick M'Lasky and Salina (?)
(Helena?) M'Fadin.
A. D. 1801, born on the 5th day of May and baptized on the I3th day
of the same, Catherine, lawful daughter of Patrick and Martha
Green. Sponsors were James and Isabella M'Gleade.
A. D. 1801, born on the 3ist day of May and baptized on the 24th day
of May (an obvious error, as the entry stands) , Luke, lawful son of
Luke and Mary Flin. Sponsors were John and Mary M'Laughlin.
A. D. 1801, born on the nth day of February and baptized on the 24th
day of May, William, lawful son of and Hamilton.
Sponsors were Dennis M'Fadin and his wife.
(Baptisms by Missionary Priest Fitzsimons:)
A. D. 1804, April i: baptized Peter, son of Hugh Mulligan and Mary
Dugan. Sponsors, John Lafferty and Mary Stuart.
April 2: Eugene, lawful son of Eugene Gorman and Ann McDonnell.
Sponsors, William Wallace and Mary Grose (?).
April 5: baptized Margaret, daughter of Dennis McLosky and
Ann McLosky, born n months past in Lancaster. Sole sponsor
was a negro woman by the name of Mary Brown. I took no fee.
April 5: Jeannette, lawful daughter of James Rogers and Jeannette
Reed. Sponsors, Henry Gillin and Bridget Magrorty.
April 6: baptized Susan, daughter of Richard Dives (?) and Susan
Sweeney. Sponsor, Unity McVeigh.
April 6: baptized Edward, son of Francis Reed and . Sponsors,
James Gibbons, Edward Barns. Catherine Burns and Mary
Hilcher. Fitzsimons, Missionary.
(The foregoing entry is badly scratched, as though partly erased but
again restored in part.)
April ii : baptized at Lancaster, Juliana, 12 days old, lawful daughter
of George Lechler and Maria Shife. Sponsors, John Morse (?)
and Sara Lambart, who were united in matrimony on the 3d of
April by a Protestant minister of this town, but wish to return to
the one fold. But, as I have heard, they do not mean to come back.
They have not come. To-day, May 6.
April 16: I baptized two - - daughters, Agnes and Elizabeth, 6
weeks old, belonging to a certain Irishman by the name of Con-
stantine Cunningham and to Catherin Bryson, still single.
Fitzsimons, Missionary.
344 American Catholic Historical Society
A. D. 1804.
In the month of May: i, I baptized none.
2, o
3> o
4, o (Such blanks continue to
24th).-
24: baptized, in Conestoga township, Eleanor, lawful daughter of Alex-
ander McMullen and Maggie Kelly. Sponsors, Hugh O'Donnell
and Ann Magennis.
Franc. Fitzsimmons, Missionary.
(He seems to sign indifferently Fitzsimons and Fitzsimmons.)
June 3: baptized John, lawful son of John Conrad, Protestant, and
Hanna Remy, Catholic. Sponsors, Peter Remy and Catherine
Remy. Fitzsimons, Missionary.
June 5: baptized Elizabeth, lawful daughter of Peter Frey, Protestant,
and Elizabeth Abercorn. Sponsor, Mary Ann Welton.
Fitzsimmons, Missionary.
(After some burial entries:)
Book of Baptisms Marriages & Funerals, Roman
Catholic Pastoral Church at Lancaster for A. D. 1804. Month of Jan-
uary, 22d day. (Signature:) Maria O'Conner.
Catherine Trautman the daughter of Joseph Trautman I old died the
12 March. (This rather indefinite memorandum occurs thus in Eng-
lish.)
January 1804.
In Lancaster, 29 January, baptized Robert, believed to be the lawful son
of Francis Loughran, who does not cohabit with his wife, and of
Bridget Duff. Sponsors, Samuel Lafferty and Maria Nugent.
Fitzsimmons.
February 7: baptized James, lawful son of James Loughran and Maria
Stamers. Sponsors, Philip Stocksleger and Magdalena Baum,
alias Stocksleger.
The same entry occurs in slightly modified form on the reverse of
the same page: (7th: baptized James, lawful son of James Lochran and
Maria Stumers. Sponsors, Philip Stocksleger and Magdalena Baum.)
February 10, 28 miles from Lancaster, in the County, baptized John,
lawful son of Charles O'Donnell and Bridget Sweeny. Sponsors,
William Mumachan and Maria Sweny.
Fitzsimmons.
February 24, 1804. In the Lancaster Infirmary I preached to the sick
and baptized two infants, Elizabeth, daughter (I did not think to
inquire, whether lawful or not) of Patrick M'Closky and Mary Gal-
wayv Sponsors, Hugh McGran and Sara Johnston. They gave
nothing.
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 345
24 : in the Infirmary I baptized George, son of George Preston and
Maria Wagner. Sponsors, John Paris and Rose Logan. I took
no fee.
24 : Six miles from Lancaster, in Menor Township, I baptized Anna
Maria, lawful daughter of John Winter and Anna Maria Obrey.
Sponsor, Anna Maria Welton.
Fitzsimmons.
Mount Hope, 24 February : baptized John, lawful son of Hugh Maginly
and Mary McPhadin. Sponsors, Patrick O'Friel and Mary O'Friel.
I accepted a dollar.
Fitzsimmons.
March 23, Lancaster : baptized George Frederick, lawful son of John
Sheaf and Elizabeth Dash. Sponsor, Catherine Deash. He died
on the following day at 6 a. m. and was buried in our cemetery
without the prayers of the church.
March 31 : baptized Peter, lawful son of Nielly McConorry and Ann
Maginnis. Sponsors, William Fahan and Mary Daly, alias Ma-
glochlin.
March 31 : baptized Mary, lawful daughter of Henry Coyle and Bridget
Magrorty. Sponsors, Pat. Dogherty, Ketty Magrorty.
Fitzsimmons, Missionary.
February 28, in Irishtown, near Cornwall Furnace : baptized three in-
fants, Eugene, illegitimate son, and adulterate, as they live in actual
adultery, of Charles Gallagher and Catherine Maginley. Sponsors,
Roger McHugh and Ann McHugh. Bridget, lawful daughter of
James Boyle and Bridget Connors. Sponsors, Hugh McHugh and
Mary McHugh. George, lawful son of John Kelly and Mary, a
Calvinist. Sponsor, Maria Maxe (?).
February 29, in Lancaster, baptized Rosanna, lawful daughter of James
Reddy and Margaret Sadler. Sponsors, Bernard O'Donnell and
Jeannette Hook. I accepted a Dollar.
Fitzsimmons, Missionary.
(Memorandum in English :) gth February, 1804.
McKenna brought me a little mare, from Parks, 6 miles distant, to
feed her till April. No payment. I paid one night stabling for her.
Names of those Deceased at the same place and buried with Christian
and Catholic Rite, and in blessed ground of the Cemetery, from A. D.
1789.
A. D. 1789, George Huver, father of four sons.
Maria, daughter of Cornelius and Nellie Hardkin.
A. D. 1794, June 21, I buried two (of the male sex) whose names I do
not know. Scarcely any one was present, nor was burial requested;
so they were buried in the priest's absence.
A. D. 1794, August 25, is buried Hiltenberger, mason (?) of
this church.
346 American Catholic Historical Society
Deceased.
Anna Maria Fisher, born 1717 and died August 27, 1794, fortified with
the sacraments.
On the 24th of October 1794 was buried in the cemetery of this parish
Barbara, two years of age, daughter of Henry Norbec and Cathe-
rine Norbec. Janin, priest.
I 795> February i, was buried in the cemetery of this chapel the body of
John, son of Francis Bie and Yefur Bie his wife; age, 15 days.
By me Mongrand, priest.
1795, February 2, was buried in the cemetery of this chapel Peter, son
of Francis Bie and Yefur Bie his wife; age, fifteen days.
By me Mongrand, priest.
1795, March 12, was buried in the cemetery of this chapel the body of
Joanna Maurice, aged fifty years and fortified with the sacraments.
Mongrand, priest.
(Witnesses:)
Edward Cook
Hugh McGrann.
1795, April 20, was buried the body of Catherine Lekler, wife of Henry
Lekler, aged forty-six years. She received all the sacraments of
the Church. Mongrand, priest.
1795, June 25, was buried the body of Anna, daughter of Simeon jken
(Egan?) and of Anna iken (Egan?), consorts. She was three
years old. C. Mongrand, priest.
1795, August 10, was buried in the cemetery of this chapel the body of
Elizabeth Walther, aged about thirty-eight years. She received all
the sacraments of the Church.
Mongrand, priest.
September 10, was buried in the cemetery of this chapel the body of
Rosina, aged five months, daughter of Daniel Maykiou (McHugh?)
and Elizabeth Makiou (McHugh?), consorts, by me, Mongrand,
priest.
September 15, was buried in the cemetery of this chapel the body of
Edward Suenni (Sweeney ?), aged twenty-four years, fortified with
the sacraments of the Church.
Mongrand.
Terence Mongrand James M'Glade.
December 10, was buried the body of Catherine Maguire, aged thirty-
two years, wife of Patrick Maguire, fortified with the sacraments of
penance and extreme unction.
Louis Barth, parish priest.
Patt M'Guire Mark (X) of Philip Raley (Reilly?).
A. D. 1796, January 20, deceased, Mary, daughter of Martha White,
and was buried on the 2ist in the cemetery of this church; age, ten
months. Louis Barth, parish priest.
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 347
A. D. 1796, January 15, departed Elizabeth, aged 6 years, daughter of
Michael and Christina Huber. She was interred on the I7th.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1796, March 19, deceased, George Renner, aged 25 years, duly
fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eucharist and extreme
unction. He was interred on the 2ist. Witnesses were Michael
Berger and Michael Hoock, who have subscribed along with me.
Michael Berger
Mich Huk (so nearly as the scrawled form seems to read.
Louis Barth, parish priest.
A. D. 1796, May 26, departed John, infant of six days, lawful son of
Philip and Barbara Antony, sojourning in this parish, and was
buried in the cemetery on the following day by me.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, June n, died James Grayer in the 86th year of his age, duly
fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eucharist and extreme
unction, and was buried on the following day in this cemetery.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, June 18, departed Elizabeth, in the ninth year of her age,
lawful daughter of Henry and Maria Kreuter. She was buried on
the following day in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, July 29, departed Joseph, infant of seven months, lawful
son of Michael and Christina Huber. On the following day he was
buried in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, August i, died William Connor in the year of his age,
duly fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eucharist and ex-
treme unction. He was buried on the following day in the ceme-
tery by me, Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, August 8, departed Maria, infant of eighteen months, law-
ful daughter of Andrew and Magdalena Hope. She was buried on
the 9th in the cemetery.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, August 23, departed John, infant of twelve weeks, lawful
son of James and Elizabeth Weber, and was buried on the follow-
ing day in this cemetery.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, September 8, departed Mary Eleanor, infant of two months,
lawful daughter of Edward and Cressentia M' Bride, and was buried
on the ninth day of the same month in this cemetery.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1796, September 12, died Elizabeth Bukley, widow of de-
ceased, having been duly fortified with the sacraments of penance,
348 American Catholic Historical Society
Eucharist, und extreme unction. She was buried on the following
day in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, January 17, died Mary, infant of three weeks, lawful
daughter of James and Catherine Murray. On the following day
she was buried in the cemetery of this church.
L. Earth.
A. D. 1797, March 3, died Patrick Boyle, duly fortified with the sacra-
ments of penance, Eucharist and extreme unction. On the follow-
ing day he was buried in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, August , died Sarah, infant of nine months, lawful
daughter of Isaac and Elizabeth O' Donald; buried on the following
day in the cemetery.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, August 29, died Anthony, infant of seven days, lawful son
of Anthony and Christina Guinter. On the following day he was
buried in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, September 12, died Catherine, infant of eleven months,
lawful daughter of George and Elizabeth Stormbach. On the fol-
lowing day she was buried in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, September 19, died Michael Grub in the thirtieth year of
his age, being from Kilnarney in the County of Tipperary in Ire-
land ; duly fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eucharist and
extreme unction. On the following day he was buried in the cem-
etery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, September 20, died John, infant of one year, lawful son of
Leonard and Magdalena Kraus. On the following day he was buried
in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1797, December 22, died Maria, infant of about three years, law-
ful daughter of John and Catharine Kirchman, and was buried in
the cemetery of this church, on the 24th.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1798, January 2, died George, infant of about one year, lawful son
of John and Catharine Kirchman, and was buried on the 3d, in the
cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1798, January 4, died suddenly Michael Hook and was buried on
the following day in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1798, January 19, died Nicholas, infant of eleven months, lawful
son of Balthazar and Eva Marthins. On the following day he was
buried in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 349
A. D. 1798, January 4, departed Anna Maria, infant of two years, law-
ful daughter of Nicholas and Eva Stormbach, and was buried on the
7th in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1798, January 10, departed Elizabeth, infant of five months, law-
ful daughter of Nicholas and Eva Stormbach, and was buried on the
i^th, in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
A. D. 1798, April ,
died John, infant of one year, lawful son of Pat-
rick and Sara Raden. On the following day he was buried in the
cemetery of this church.
L. Debarth.
A. D. 1798, day of June, died Margaret Grayer, widow, in the
year of her age, duly fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eu-
charist and extreme unction. She was buried on the following day
in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Debarth.
A. D. 1798, , died Joseph Gaddy, from Italy, and was buried on
the following day in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Debarth.
A. D. 1798, August ,
died a household servant at the house of (?)
merchant of Philadelphia, and was buried on the same day in this
cemetery.
A. D. 1798, died John Lynch, fortified with the sacrament of
extreme unction, and was buried on the following day in this
cemetery.
A. D. 1798, October 15, died in the prison at Lancaster, John Alglise,
born at Libourne near Bordeaux, France, duly fortified with the
Holy Sacraments, and on the following day he was buried by me
the undersigned priest at Lancaster, in the cemetery of the church.
(Some half a dozen words remain scrawled out of sufferable recog-
nition.) Louis De Earth,
parish priest at Lancaster.
A. D. 1798, died a lawful son. (Blank spaces left for names.)
A. D. 1798, October 29, died John, infant of four months, lawful son
of James and Joanna Green, and was buried on the following day
in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1798, November i, died John, lawful son of Luke and Mary
Flin; buried on the following day in the cemetery of this church.
Louis Debarth.
A. D. 1798, November 12, died Roger O'Donald, in the sixty-second
year of his age, duly fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eu-
charist and extreme unction, and was buried on the I4th, in the
cemetery of this church.
Louis Earth.
3So American Catholic Historical Society
A. D. 1799, February 3, died Anna Maria Hook, widow of the late
Michael Hook, duly fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eu-
charist and extreme unction, and was buried in the cemetery of this
church on the day following.
Louis Barth.
A. D. 1799, February 12, died Cressentia M'Donald, wife of Barnaby
M'Donald, duly fortified with the sacraments of penance, Eucharist
and extreme unction, and was buried on the following day in the
cemetery of this church.
Louis Debarth.
A. D. 1799, March 10, died Eleanor, infant of about four months, law-
ful daughter of Patrick and Martha Green, and was buried on the
following day in the cemetery of this church.
L. B.
A. D. 1799, April i, died Mertz, wife of George Mertz, duly
fortified with the sacraments of the church, and on the following
day she was buried in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1799, May 7, died Caspar Stocksleger, lawful son of Philip and
Magdalena Stocksleger, duly fortified with the sacraments of pen-
ance, Eucharist and extreme unction, and was buried on the fol-
lowing day in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1799, May 9, died Michael, infant of nine months, lawful son of
Michael and Christina Huber, and was buried on the following day
in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1799, , died (M'Laughiin is written above the blank half
line), duly fortified with the sacraments of the church, and she was
buried on the following day in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1799, , died M'Bride, duly fortified with the sacraments of
the church, and he was buried on the following day in the cemetery
of this church.
A. D. 1799, October 17, died Daniel, infant of four years and 9 months,
lawful son of Henry and the late Catherine Lechler, and was buried
on the following day in the cemetery of this church.
A. D. 1799, October 17, died , lawful daughter of the late (parents'
names left blank) , and wife of Daniel Daugherty, and was buried on
the following day in this cemetery.
A. D. 1799, December , died Mayer, fortified with all the sac-
raments of the church, and he was buried on the following day in
this cemetery.
A. D. 1799, December , died lawful infant son of Barnaby and Sarah
O'Neal, and was buried on the following day in this cemetery.
A. D. 1800, January n, died Helen Shier, widow of Nicholas Shier,
duly fortified with all the sacraments of the church, and was buried
on the I3th in this cemetery.
A. D. 1800, January 12, died (at M'Kean's? M'Kean is written above
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 351
the line, and a similar entry starts on a subsequent page : A. D.
1800, January 12, at M'Kean's, died ), and was buried on the
fourteenth day in this cemetery.
A. D. 1800, January 27, died Christina Gerhart, widow, fortified with
the sacraments of Holy Church, and was buried on the following
day in this cemetery.
A. D. 1800, January 29, died
, infant of six weeks, lawful child of
Joseph and Barbara Trautman, and was buried on the following day
in this cemetery.
A. D. 1800, April , died Joseph Huver, fortified with the sacraments
of the Church, and was buried on the following day in this cemetery.
(After the baptismal record, already given, of Missionary Priest Fitz-
simons:)
1804. Months of January and February.
Died at Mount Garnet (so the word appears in plain script, though the
ink is but faint), 27 miles from Lancaster, in the house of Mr. Pat-
rick Garvey, Michael Murry, 29 years old, fortified with all the
needful sacraments of the Church, and was buried on the 22d day of
February at Elizabethtown.
In Columbia, suddenly, without sacraments, N. Hany. Buried in un-
blessed ground and without the prayers of the Church, near Colum-
bia, February 28.
In Lancaster, died and was buried in the cemetery of the Catholic
Church an infant of n days, baptized. Date of March 15. An-
other infant, belonging to William O'Keefe; age, two years.
March 14.
March 20: died suddenly and without sacraments, Mr. Michael Con-
roy (?) Buried on March 21 in the Catholic cemetery.
(Here occurs an unfinished entry, noted above, and misplaced from
1800: A. D. 1800, January 12, at M'Kean's, died .)
May 1804: died on the 22d, Henry Miller, 60 years of age, and was
buried in the cemetery of the Roman Catholic Church of Lancas-
ter, having been fortified with the sacraments of the Church;
namely, penance, extreme unction and Viaticum. Thus I witness,
Francis Fitzsimons, Apostolic Missionary.
(Passing memorandum: Michael Conroy, 2 dollars. A canceled line
has it: Michael Conroy, 2 Dollars for Masses for dead.)
MARRIAGE RECORDS.
(The order of years is observed in this translation; in the manuscript
records the entries occur somewhat at haphazard.)
A. D. 1787, April 7: United in matrimony, John Feary (?) and Hetti
Daggothee (Hettie Dougherty?) before witnesses John O'Neal
and Michael Fry.
352 American Catholic Historical Society
April 8: United in matrimony, Anthony Shammo and Elizabeth Obold
before witnesses Joseph Bedee (?) and Philip Smith.
April 9: United in matrimony, John Smith and Maria Josepha Seibold
before witnesses Gebhard Seibel and Joseph Walther.
List of those married with the assistance and benediction of John
Charles Helbron, as parish priest and qualified witness.
A. D. 1789, February 24: John Wheat and Magdalena Gunter.
April 18: Louis Walter, 21 years, and Eva Lochler, 18; witnesses pres-
ent, Lawrence Gunter and Catherine and Regina Cross.
June 3 : John Triskell and Maria Oekin, in the presence of John Luck,
Alexander Oekin and Maria Luck.
October 5: Lawrence Gunter, 23 years, and Magdalena Meyer, 17
years. Present as witnesses, John Gross and John Wheat.
LIST OF MARRIAGES.
Matrimonially united with the assistance and benediction of William
Elling, parish priest and qualified witness.
1791, August 9: Joseph Hirt, 62 years, and Cecilia Metzger, born Kneil,
50 years. Present as witnesses, John Carolus and George Merz,
they being thus requested.
1791, September 21: Joseph Taub, 50 years, and Catherine Tripel, born
Antoni, 41 years. Witnesses present and so requested, George
Merz, Lawrence Antoni.
1791, November 2: Patrick Reily, 31 years, and Nanci Fourth, 28 years.
Witnesses present, Joseph Hirt and Caspar Michenfelder, thereto
requested.
1791, November 30: Matthew Kemp and Catherine Griinwald; witnesses
present, Caspar Michelfelder and Philip Schmit, Dulpehackenland
(of the Tulpehocken district).
1791, 25 November: Richard Nagle, 22 years, and Maria Reyly, 22
years. Witnesses present, Caspar Michenfelder and Hughes
Tamery.
1791: Joseph Obold, 23 years, and Maria Margaret T.utt, 21. Witnesses
present, Simon Eckenrod and Philip Schmidt.
1792, May 28: John Cresman, 25 years, and Maria Christina Huber,
16. Witnesses present, Michael Huber and George Sturmbach.,
1792, July 3: George Merz and Maria Huber; present as witnesses, Louis
Heckman and Joseph Hirt, Margaret Hirt.
1703, January 31: Samuel Lily and Hanna Cooper.
1793, February 3: Becker and Sally Reily; witness present, John
Creither.
1793, April 21 : Darby M'Conekel (McGonigal?) and Mary Butler; wit-
nesses present, John Galacher, Michael Galagher.
1793, August 6: Patrick Fitzgerald and Mary Bally (born Mayer?).
Witness, Patrick Fitzgerald.
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 353
1793, September : Catherine
I793> October : John M'Laughlin and Margaret Muts (?). Witness,
David Fitzgerald.
December 8, 1794: I joined in matrimony James Conway and Ann Mc-
Ilhenny; witnesses present were Patrick Grinne, Stephen Meguire,
Thomas Painter, Joseph Rimbeau (Rambo?), who live in Lancas-
ter and are acquainted with both parties: whom I joined in accord
with the law of this region, as is evidenced by terms of the license
to me tendered. John Oubly (?)
Patrick Green
Janin, priest.
7 December 1794.
(A. D. 1795) On the seventeenth day of the month of May, the banns
being published on the Sunday after Ascension, and at the close of
divine services, in the afternoon, I joined in matrimony before the
undersigned witnesses, with the usual rites and ceremonies, An-
thony Guinter and Christina Hooke; the parties giving mutual con-
sent in the words of the present contract.
Mongrand, priest.
Witnesses of the contracted matrimony:
P. A. Peticolas Andrew Huck
Nicholaus Giinther
Anthony Hook.
A. D. 1795. On the second day of the month of August, the banns be-
ing published in church on Sunday after divine services: in the
afternoon I joined in matrimony with the usual rites and ceremo-
nies, before the undersigned witnesses, Charles Dawty (Dough-
erty?) and Nanci Brand; the parties giving mutual consent in terms
of the present contract.
Mongrand, priest.
Witnesses of the contracted matrimony:
Paddy McGarvey
Andrew Hay.
A. D. 1796, November i, after the banns had been twice published in
this church, were joined in matrimony by me the undersigned,
openly in the sight of the church, Joseph Shiff, lawful son of Joseph
and the late Anna Maria Shiff, and Maria Kraus, lawful daughter
of Leonard and Agatha Graus, both living in the village of Eliza-
bethtown. Witnesses were Leonard Graus and Leonard Graus, Jr.
(Next occur the following names without formal connection. Possi-
bly they represent outlines of marriage records.)
Richard Butler Maria Armstrong Maria Hamilton James
Owing Sulivan Eleanor Hunold
Neal M'Fadin Joanna Boyle, (widow?) of Patrick (?)
16 November 1797.
354 American Catholic Historical Society
A. D. 1797, October 15, after the banns had been published once in this
church by me the undersigned, were joined in the bond of matri-
mony openly in the sight of the Church, Peter Stocksleger, lawful
son of Philip and Magdalena Stocksleger, and Anna Pechtel, law-
ful daughter of Abraham and Esther Pechtel. Witnesses were
Philip Stocksleger and Caspar Stocksleger.
Louis Barth.
October 7, 1798: James Rudy, Margaret Sadler.
June 13, 1799: John Singler and Mary Ann Fisher.
October 8, 1799: George Huber and Catherine Schrodt.
November 14, 1799: Adam Dallet, Maria Stocksleger.
January 6, 1800: Arthur M'Culur (McCulloch?) and Maria M'Cafferty.
January 9, 1800: and Maria Schrodt.
July 20, 1800: John Kelly and Hannah Barker.
Next page of manuscript is badly blurred and blotted, and some en-
tries for 1797 occur mixed with 1798.
Peter M'Fee A. D. 1798, September 2: Neal Doughty to Liddy
Dougherty.
John Francis dead (husband?) of Joanna.
John Maria Easter day 1797 16 April.
John B. Sulivan Eleanor Hainold widow of Samuel on the ist
day of September 1797
September 6, 1797: John Gallegher. Susan, wife of Daniel (?), and
Alice, wife of George. (This apparently blind record stands in the
Latin original: "die 6a. 7 bris 97 John Gallegher. Danielis
Susanna sponsa et Alitia Georgii.")
Year 1797. September 2, 1798. William Vane (?) and Elizabeth
Gouty.
Laughlin Dougherty and Sarah Hagan, February 21, 1798.
John M'Groarty (and) Catherine Boyle, March 14, 1798.
May 26: L. Graus. August 30, 1798; James O' Bryan.
28: James M'Gleade and Catherine Cave, in the presence of Neal
Dough and James Calwell.
Here follows what would seem to be a memorandum of confessions:
June 1804 Confessions
Christina Waltern
Malchior Walterin (sic, with feminine suffix; possibly by one unused
to German forms?)
Maria Hitzelberger Anna Maria Stormbach Barbara Fitzferald
John Fitzgerald James Michael Dougherty Patrick
F 24 June Catherine Friel 20.
1804. MARRIAGES FOR FEBRUARY. STH(?).
Before witnesses Peter Carolus and Anthony Hooke, with episcopal
dispensation in the matter of publishing the banns. Joseph Triple
Baptismal Records St. Mary's Church, Lancaster 355
and Mary Smith, both of this parish, enter holy bonds of matri-
mony, with nuptials blessed.
Francis Fitzsimons, local missionary.
February 3, before witnesses Patrick Green and Bernard Friel, entered
holy bonds of matrimony, Patrick Tierney (?) and Catherine Friel.
Nuptials blessed.
Francis Fitzsimons.
February 6, before witnesses Roberts Burn and N. Clonnell(?), en-
tered holy bonds of matrimony, James Rogers and Jeannette Mc-
Closky, widow. Nuptials were blest by francis Fitzsimons. Both
of this parish.
February 25, 1804. Daniel Smith and Anna Kennedy, both of Colum-
bia, contracted the sacred obligations of matrimony in the presence
of James Kennedy and John Smith alias M'Goan. Nuptials were
blessed. Fr. Fitzsimons.
May 31. John Magrorty and Catherine Boner contracted the sacred
obligations of matrimony in the presence of Patrick McBarron and
Henry Gillin. Nuptials were blessed by Francis Fitzsimons.
April 12. Bernard Maglaughlin and Rose Walls, both of Lancaster,
entered the holy bonds of matrimony in the presence of N. Maglade
and Maria Walls. Nuptials blessed by Francis Fitzsimons.
May 9. Patrick Sheils and Isabella Lang contracted the sacred obliga-
tions of matrimony in the presence of George Christman (?) and
Jeannette Lang. Nuptials blessed by
H. Francis Fitzsimons.
May 24. Isaac O'Donnell and Elizabeth Griffy, 19 years united before
heretical magistracy, were to-day publicly reconciled to the Church
in the presence of Patrick Sheils and Maria Nugent and Isabella
Lang. Nuptials blessed by Fr. Fitzsimons.
(This completes the contents of Liber Baptismalis & Matrimonialis
& Funeralis. . . .)
