






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


252 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

The letters L. C. that is, legitime conjugati, or lawfully married,
are often met with in the old registers, after the names of parents
or god-parents. They have been left out altogether in this

volume, principally because, while their mention in comparatively
but a few instances certifies no doubt to the fact that the parties
named were married, their absence or omission can in no manner
be taken to imply that the far greater number of parents and
others who are not so marked, were unmarried.

FR. THOMAS C. MIDDLETON, O. S. A.

VILLANOVA COLLEGE, PA.,

December, I, 1886.

N. B. The inserton of (P.) after a name in the following records, in-

dicates that the person was a Protestant. It is also to be noted, that

whenever the place at which the baptism took place is not named, Phila-

delphia is generally understood.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1758.

Kauffman, James, of Joseph and Anna Catherine (P.) Kauffman, born

August 14, baptized September 17, the sponsors being John Gat-

ringer [Cottringer?] and Catherine Spengler.

Carroll, Augustus Patrick, of Morris Carroll and Margaret Canon, born

August 24, baptized September 27.

Troy, Daniel and Patrick (twins), of Paul Troy and Maria le Blanc,

baptized September 27.

Lancely, Eleanor, of Isaac Lancely and Eleanor Croaglan, born June 21,

baptized September 3.

Fitzpatrick, James, of James (P.) and Elsie Fitzpatrick, born October

31, 1757, baptized August 29, sponsors Garret Cavernoy and Susie

Mequiet.
Buttler, Mary, of Richard and Rebecca Buttler, born April 25, 1756,

baptized October 15, sponsors Darby and Bridget Savage.

Carroll, John, of Timothy and Elizabeth Carroll, born October 7,

baptized October 17, sponsors Edmund Buttler and Margaret
Arnold.

Becker, Joseph, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born October

18, baptized October 24, sponsors Joseph and Catherine Kauffman.

Keeth, Cornelius, of William and Margaret Keeth, born October 17,

baptized October 28, sponsor Eleanor Keeth.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 253

Godon, Charles, of Charles and Mary Godon, born October 26, baptized
November 2, sponsor Susanna Conelin.

Lewis, Mary, of David Lewis and
,
born May 13, 1756,

baptized November 5, sponsors James and Elizabeth Wilcox, at

Concord, [Delaware county, Pa.].

Wiester, Mary Salome, of Peter and Mary Wiester, born October 29,

baptized November 19, sponsors Adam and Salome Wilhelm.
Dumb [Thum?], Mary Margaret, of Caspar and Eva Dumb [Thum?],

born November 4, baptized November 19, sponsor Mary Mar-

garet Cunin.

Bower, Robert, of Robert (P) and Mary Bower, born March 20, bap-
tized November 20, witnesses Michael Crowley and Tiranes

Kramer, sponsor Mary Scandlan.

Buttler, Jeremiah, of William and Jane Buttler, born November 20,

baptized November 22, sponsor Thomas Ryan.
Haffert, Mary, of Jacob and Mary (P.) Haffert, born November 10,

baptized November 23, sponsors Bryan Carty and Anna Kelly.

[Philips?], Catharine Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth [Philips ?], born

November 19, baptized November 23, sponsors Bartholomew and
Catharine Elizabeth Becker.

Lassher, Mary Catharine, of Leonard and Mary Ann Lassher, born No-
vember 28, baptized December 8, sponsor Catharine Vole.

Makan, Arthur, of John and Jane (P.) Makan, born November 16, bap-
tized December 24, sponsors Andrew Foley and Elizabeth Burke.

Whole number of baptisms twenty.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1759.

Meyern, Anthony, of Elizabeth Margaret Meyern (P.), born December
27> I 75^) baptized January 2, sponsors Elizabeth and James Welsh.

Fitzgerald, John, of David and Phcebe Fitzgerald, born January 6, bap-
tized January 17, sponsors Joseph and Judith Fitzharald.

Schilling, Peter, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born January 14, baptized

January 18, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.
Schneider, Anna Regina, of Henry and Barbara Schneider, born Janu-

ary 15, baptized January 21, witnessed by Anton Ottman and
Anna Regina, his wife.

, Sarah, born December
, 1758, baptized January 21.

Schene, Barbara, of Lawrence and Mary Magdalen Schene, born Janu-
ary 27, baptized February i, sponsors Anton Graf and Barbara
Waltrich.

Geek, Peter, of Adam and Catharine (P) Geek, born February 6, baptized

February 12, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.
Kelly, James, of John and Hannah Kelly, born February 21, baptized

February 22, sponsors Thos. and Anna Fitzsimmons, Jr.



254 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

White, Charles and Francis (twins), of Chas. and Jane White, born

February 9, baptized February 23, sponsors Francis and Barbara
Sener.

Holzhauser, Christian, of Dietrich and Christina (P.) Holzhauser, born

February 20, baptized February 25, sponsors Christian Bub and
Barbara Costin.

Hely, Anna, of John and Catharine Hely, born July , 1756, baptized
March 8, sponsor Catherine Dakin.

Hely, Margaret, of the same parents, born April, --
1758, baptized

March 8.

Haider, Anna Maria, of Martin and Margaret Haider, born December
20, 1758, baptized March 15, sponsors Philip Jacoby and Susanna
Geiger, in Mathew Geiger's house.

McDead, Mary, of John and Margaret McDead, born February 3, bap-
tized March 15, sponsors Jacob and Mary Eva Cassa.

Friets, Mary Margaret, of Daniel and Joanna Friets, born March 22, bap-
tized March 25, sponsors Peter and Mary Margaret Friets.

Farrell, Thomas, of Robert Farrell and
,
born March 18, baptized

March 31, sponsors Francis Farrell and Eleanor Swan.

Stabler, Anna Maria, of John and Christina Stabler, born March 19, bap-
tized April i, sponsors John Stahler and Anna Maria Wilhelm.

Esling, Mary Eva, of Paul and Christina Esling, born March 25, baptized
April i, sponsors Philip and Eva Schilling.

Kennedy, James, of James Kennedy and Debora (P.) Stephens, born

April 25, 1758, baptized April 8, sponsors Thos. Leanon and Cather-
ine Welsh.

Lederman, Francis Joseph, of John and Mary Catherine Lederman, born

April 10, baptized April 15, sponsors Francis Joseph Lederman and
Charlotta Miller.

Hoffman, John George, of Christian and Cunegunda Hoffman, born

April 6, baptized April 15, sponsors Valentine Cori and Barbara
Weber.

Waas, Paul Francis Xavier, of Sebastian and Anna Mary Waas, born

February 27, 1757, baptized April 17, sponsors Paul and Dorothy
Miller.

Waas, Anthony Ignatius, of the same parents, born November 9, 1758,

baptized April 17, sponsors Anthony and Anna Mary (P.) Gabriel.

Schad, Francis Joseph and John George (twins), of John Peter and Mary
Elizabeth Schad, born April 13, baptized April 19, sponsors John
George and Anna Mary Martz.

Villar, Mary Elizabeth, of Anthony and Mary Eva Villar, born Nov. 5,

1758, baptized April 22, sponsor Mary Elizabeth Stauter.

Nicholson, John, of John and Sarah Nicholson, born Dec. 26, 1758, bap-
tized April 29, sponsors Edw. Hughes and Bridget Hunt.

Graser, Mary Martha, of Frederic and Mary Elizabeth Graser, born

May i, baptized May 5, sponsors Herman and Mary Martha Faust.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 255

Hugh, Henry, of Patrick and Thamar [Hannah ?] Hugh, born April 5,

baptized May 6, sponsors Bernard Martin and Catharine Duken, at

Concord [Del. Co., Pa.].

Malleben, Mary, of Thonns and Christina Malleben, born April 26,

baptized May 19, sponsors William Gallagher and Magdalen Mal-
leben.

.Thomas. (No particulars.)

Viel, Christopher, of Christopher Viel and
, baptized May 25.

Riechart, Dorothy, of Lothaire and Elizabeth Riechart, born Oct. 3,

1753, baptized June 2, sponsors Paul and Dorothy Miller.

Riechart, John, of same parents, born March i, 1758, baptized June 2,

sponsor John Heiser.

David, Charles, of Anthony and Maria Theresa David, born May 29,

baptized June 10, sponsors, Gerard and Catharine Mead.

English, Elizabeth, of Francis and Elizabeth English, born April 2,

baptized , sponsors Firman Pow[dern ?~\ and Elizabeth Franks.

Picket, Sarah, of Edmund and Mary Picket, born Dec. 21, 1757, baptized

July 2, sponsor Thomas Clark, at Concord [Del. Co., Pa.].

Fleur, Martin, of Dominic and Nanon Fleur, born Dec., 1758, baptized

June 27, sponsors Martin Haider and Regina Meyer, at Matthew

Geiger's.

Eyenson, Sarah, of John and Elizabeth Eyenson, born April 7, bap-
tized June 27, sponsors Christopher Thurnbach and Susan Catherine

Geiger [probably at Geiger's].

Krumholz, Anna Barbara, of John Charles and Anna Maria Krumholz,
born June 30, baptized July 8, sponsors Francis and Barbara Sener.

Allison, John, of Richard and Eleanor Allison, born
, baptized

July 23.

Savage, Thomas, of Jeremiah Savage, born
, baptized July 25,

sponsor Bridget Savage.
Essling, John, of Peter and Maria EssHng, born June 20, baptized July

29, sponsors John and Anna Maria Gross.

Rohrer, Mary Catharine, ofJohn (P.) and Anna Gertrude Rohrer, born

May , 1755, baptized Aug. 4, sponsors Bartholomew and Catherine
Elizabeth Becker.

Rohrer, Catharine Elizabeth, ofsame parents, born Feb. 19, 1757, baptized

Aug. 4, sponsors Andrew and Mary Catharine Englehardt.

Rohrer, Peter, of same parents, born Jan. , baptized Aug. 4, sponsor
Peter Dietrich.

Essling, Paul, of Nicholas and Mary Joanna Essling, born July 30, bap-
tized Aug. 4, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Weidman, Henry, of John and Anna Barbara Weidman, born July 27,

baptized Aug. 4, sponsors Henry and Mary Catharine MacGray.
Hunecker, Anna Sibylla, of Mark and Anna Hunecker, born Aug. 6,

baptized Aug. 7, sponsors Anna and Sibylla Walter, near Philadel-

phia.



256 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Barry, John and James (twins), of William and Mary Barry, born June 7,

baptized August 9, sponsors Mary Cook and Bridget Hunt.

[Charlie?], Mary Barbara, of Joseph and Barbara [Charlie?], born

August 14, baptized August 15, sponsors Humbert and Barbara
Benoit.

Fox, Anna, of William and Rosina (P.) Fox, born August i, baptized

August 15, sponsor Catherine Ryan.
Viet, Bartholomew, of Henry and Ottilia Viet, born August 7, baptized

August 19, sponsors Bartholomew and Catharine Elizabeth Becker.

Geiger, Elizabeth, of Adam and Agnes Geiger, born July 10, baptized

August 22, sponsors Christian Thurnbach and Susan Catharine

Geiger, at Geigers'.

Schnable, James, of Andrew and Eva Schnable, baptized August 23,

witnessed by Joseph and Mary Magdalen Hanckaun.

England, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Anne England, born September 9,

baptized September 15, sponsors John Moor and Eliza Doyle.
Hoffman, Anthony, of John and Constantia (P.) Hoffman, born Sep-

tember 8, baptized September 16, sponsors Anthony and Regina
Ottman.

Connor, Bridget, of Peter and Dorothy Connor, born September 17,

baptized September 19, sponsor Mary Hefferman.

LeBlanc, Mary, of Henry and Mary LeBlanc, born September 8, bap-
tized September 30, sponsors Michael Litle and Mary Hefferman.

Schreiner, Mary Anna, of Anstlm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born Sep-
tember 27, baptized September 30, sponsors Leonard and Mary Anna
Lasher.

Benner, Susanna, of Christian and Magdalen Benner, born September 16,

baptized October 3, sponsors Peter Haider and Mary Catharine

Griesmeyer, at Geiger's.

Rudolph, John, of John and Margaret (P.) Rudolph, born October 4,

baptized October 8.

Hussey, John, of William and Eleanor Hussey, baptized October 8,

sponsors Mary Catharine Griesmeyer and Brian O'Harra.

Baldrich, John, of Robert and Mary Baldrich, born September 6, bap-
tized October 21, sponsors John and Sarah Heasy.

McDonald, Mary, of John and Bridget McDonald, born August i, baptized
October 21, sponsors William Buttler and Thomas Groaly.

, Sarah, baptized November i.

Hirst, John Peter, of Nicholas and Barbara Hirst, born November i,

baptized November 2, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.

Foy, Elizabeth, of Patrick and Margaret. Foy, born November i, bap-
tized November 8, sponsors Martin Welsh and Catharine Foaley.

Poth, John Adam, of John and Eva Poth, born September 9, baptized
November n, sponsors John Adam and Elizabeth Poth.

Spiess, Anthony, of Wolfgang and Anna Catharine Spiess, born

, baptized November 21, sponsor Margaret LeBlanc.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 257

Freeman, John, of Wm. and Elizabeth Freeman, baptized December 2,

sponsors Peter and Mary Weisser.

Moor, Elizabeth, of John Moor and Catharine Nigart, born November
, baptized December 2, sponsor Rachael Therry.

Zeis, John, of John Adam and Mary Anna Zeis, born December 12, bap-
tized December 19, sponsors John and Anna Barbara Weidman.

Ungar, Mary', of Jacob and Anna Margaret Ungar, born December 15,

baptized December 29, sponsors Mark and Anna Hunecker.

Lasher, Frederic, of Leonard and Mary Ann Lasher, born December

19, baptized December 26, sponsors Frederick and Elizabeth

Grader.

Slevin, Margaret, of Patrick and Elizabeth (P.) Slevin, born December
26, baptized December 28, sponsors Neal Heart and Eleanor

Kennelly.
Whole number of baptisms seventy-eight.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1760.

Bub, Susanna, of Melchior and Barbara Bub, born December 10, 1759,

baptized January i, sponsors Christian Thurnbach and Susan Cathe-
rine Geiger.

Kelty, John, of Bartholomew and Catharine Kelty, born December 17,

1759, baptized January 2, sponsors John McGill and Susan Catha-
rine Geiger.

Galvin, Catharine, of Jeremiah and Mary Galvin, born November 9,

1759, baptized January 2, sponsors Patrick Edward Colman and
Anna Delaney, at Adam Geiger's, in New Jersey.

Vanhost, Mary, of Isaac and Susanna Catharine (P.) Vanhost, born
December 2, 1759, baptized January 13, sponsors Jacob and
Anna White.

Viel, John Henry, of Rudolph and Magdalen Viel, born January
17, baptized January 20, sponsors Henry and Mary Barbara Schneider.

Dunn, Daniel, of Nicholas and Anne Dunn, born July 2, 1758, baptized

January 28, sponsors Henry Arnold and Joanna Welsh.

Metzgar, Francis, of John and Cecilia Metzgar, born February 10, bap-
tized February 12, sponsors Francis and Barbara Somer [Sener?],

James , baptized February 17.

Thum, Anna Mary, of Caspar and Eva Thum, born February 17, bap-
tized February 24, sponsors Michael and Eva Kheun.

Schilling, John Michael, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born February 8,

baptized February 24, sponsors John Michael and Catherine Wolff.

Uhlein, George Joseph, of Francis Louis and Mary Ursula Uhlein, born
February 28, baptized March 9, sponsors Joseph Dientz and
Barbara Kornin.



258 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Foratch, John Bartholomew, of Joseph and Anna Maria Foratch,
born February 28, baptized March 9, sponsors Bartholomew and
Catharine Elizabeth Becker.

Clerck, Thomas, of John and Elizabeth Clerck, born September 14,

1759, baptized March 12, sponsors James McGill and Hannah
Machantlen, at Geiger's.

Huber, James, of Michael and Hannah Huber, born January 18, bap-
tized March 12, sponsors Michael Zartel and Catharine Schiilz.

Leanan, James Patrick, of Thomas and Anna Leanan, born March 18,

baptized March 20, sponsors William Gallagher and Bridget Savage.

Gerstenberger, Michael, of Andrew and Magdalen Gerstenberger, bap-
tized March 30, sponsors Michael Sauerwald and Charlotte Miller.

Lenox, Martha, of John and Mary Lenox, born January 8, 1758, baptized

April 6, sponsors Dennis and Elizabeth Dunn.

Lenox, Mary, same parents, born March 31, 1759, baptized April 6,

sponsors Dennis Dunn and Nellie O'Bryan.

[Herrih?], Mary Gertrude, of Nicholas and Sophia [Herrih?], born
March 15, baptized April 7, sponsors John and Gertrude Stauter.

Allen, Thomas, of Richmond and Allen, baptized April 13, spon-

sors, Thos. Fitzsimmons, and Catharine Spengler.

Allen, Esther, of the same parents, baptized April 13.

Allen, Mary, of the same parents, baptized April 24.

Wilcox, George, of Jacob and Prudence Wilcox, born April 28, bap-
tized May 5, sponsors Eliza and Thomas Wilcox, at Concord [Del.

Co., Pa.].

Daniel, John, of John and Margaret Daniel, born March 10, baptized

May 5, sponsors Michael and Jane Robinson.

Kheun, Mary Elizabeth, of Michael and Eva Kheun, born April 28, bap-
tized May 5, sponsors Caspar and Mary Eva Thumb.

Heling, Elizabeth, of John and Magdalen Heling, born Nov. 17, 1756

baptized May 5, sponsors Paul and Dorothy Miller.

Goff, Anna, of Peter and Mary Goff, born April 20, baptized May 5,

sponsors Thomas and Henrietta Maria Fitzsimmons.

Weisser, Mary Catharine, of Peter and Anna Mary Weisser, born April

29, baptized May 18, sponsors Michael and Mary Catharine Wolf.

Denetter, John, of John and Anna Mary Denetter, born May 4, baptized

May 25, sponsors George and Anna Mary Mertz.

Hegner, Peter, of John and Anna (P.) Hegner, born April 3, baptized

May 25, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.

Stumpf, Christopher, of Christopher and (P.) Stumpf, born Dec.

16, 1759, baptized June n, sponsors Adam and Agnes Geiger, at

Geiger's.

Harrison, Frances, of Lancelot and Joanna Harrison, born July 4, bap-
tized July 27, sponsors John Gatringer and Mary McCarty.

Hely, Edward, of John and Catharine Hely, born March 10, baptized



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 259

June 15, sponsors Edward Morry, or Morris and Susanna Isarden,
witnesses Andrew Connor and Eleanor Burck.

Schad, John George, of John Peter and Mary Elizabeth (P.) Schad,
born July 2, baptized July 22, sponsors John George and Anna Mary
Mertz.

Cassin, John, of John and Elizabeth Cassin, born July 16, baptized

August 4, sponsors Thomas Thynon and Margaret Brazil.

Rischhart, Joseph, of Lothaire and Elizabeth Rischhart, born March n,
baptized Aug. 24, sponsors Joseph Wirth and Charlotte Miller.

Bane, Gilbert, of Gilbert (P.) and Mary Bane, born June 20, baptized

August 27, sponsor Mary Shean.

Villare, Mary, of Anthony and Mary Eva Villare, born Aug. i, baptized
Aug 27, sponsor Mary Taubenhauer.

Graser, Paul, of Frederick and Elizabeth Graser, born Aug. 25, baptized
Aug. 28, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Welsh, Hannah, of John and Rebecca (P.) Welsh, born May 16, bap-
tized Aug. 30, sponsor Hannah Grogan.

Meyer, John, of John and Mary Rosa Meyer, born Sept. 2, baptized
Sept. 14, sponsors George and Mary Mertz.

Holtzhauser, Francis, of Dietrich and Christina (P.) Holtzhauser, born

Sept. n, baptized Sept. 21, sponsors Christian Bub and Mary Bar-
bara Bifar.

Feighen, Daniel, of Patrick and Margaret Feighen, born April 23, bap-
tized Oct. i, sponsors Adam and Agnes Geiger, at Geiger's.

Banks, Samuel, of Samuel and Susanna Banks, born January , baptized
October 5, sponsor Daniel Hely.

[Philips?], Anthony, of John and Elizabeth [Philips?], born October
18, baptized October 19, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Dienstman, Mary Christina, of John Peter and Anna Mary (P.) Dienst-
man born September 12, baptized October 21, sponsors Michael and
Elizabeth Christ.

O'Neill, Elizabeth, of James and Elizabeth O'Neill, born October 21,

baptized October 22, sponsors Wm. Farrell and Anna Mary
[Bimpel?].

Becker, Bartholomew Francis, of Bartolomew and Elizabeth Becker,
born October 18, baptized October 26, sponsors, Francis and Barbara
Sener.

Coleman, Catharine, of John and Joanna Coleman, baptized November
2, sponsors John Gogin and McCarty

Martin, Anne, of Anthony and Anna (P.), Martin born November 3,

baptized November 3, sponsors Emmanuel Fero and Joanna Welsh.

Sexton, Mary, of John and Catherine Sexton, born October 23, baptized
November 10, sponsors Samuel Watts and Placentia Sexton.

Landry, Josephine Mary, of Peter and Anna Landry, born November
26, baptized Noeember 27, sponsors Oliver and Mary Josephine
O'Kain.



260 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Tscharte, Mary Elizabeth, of Christopher and Mary Dorothy (P.)

Tscharte, born November 30, baptized December 6, sponsor Mary
Elizabeth Hauser.

Schone, Mary Magdalen, of Lawrence and Mary Magdalen Schone, born

December 6, baptized December 7, sponsors John Sauerwald and

Mary Magdalen Essling.

Mallaben, Christina, of Thomas and Christina Mallaben, born November

23, baptized December 7, sponsors John Morris and Deborah Doyle,

Lederman, Michael, of John and Mary Catherine Lederman, born

December 7, baptized December 7, sponsors Michael Sauerwald and
Anna Catharine Becker.

Sweetman, Christopher, of Richard and Bridget Sweetman, born Novem-
ber 30, baptized December 7, sponsors Rudolph Meyer and Anna
Catharine Spun.

Hirt, John, of George and Anna Barbara Hirt, born November 28, bap-
tised December 7, sponsors John and Mary Rosa Meyer.

Cumberland, William, of Robert (P.) and Mary Cumberland, born

November 28, baptized December 20, sponsor Elizabeth Morry,

Christ, Mary, of Michael and Elizabeth Christ, born November 27,

baptized December 20.

Whole number of baptisms sixty.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1761.

Schneider, Anthony, of Henry and Barbara Schneider, born January 7,

baptized January n, sponsor Anthony Ottman.

Heinrich, Anna Mary Catharine, of John and Mary Catharine (P.)

Heinrich, born December 6, 1760, baptized January n, sponsors

George and Anna Mary Mertz.

Schreiner, Catharine, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born January
17, baptized January 25, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Galater, Anna Barbara, of Michael and Elizabeth Catharine Galater,

born February 6, baptized February 8, sponsors Andrew Kestner

and Anna Barbara Begern.

Carroll, Daniel, of Timothy and Elizabeth Carroll, born January 28,

baptized February 8, sponsors Owen Macarty and Mary Carty.

White, Elizabeth, of James and Anna White, born February 10, baptized

February 15, sponsors Dudley Dougherty and Deborah Doyle.

Babin, Margaret Pelagia, of Zachary and Margaret Babin, born February

19, baptized February 20, sponsors John Babin and Pelagia Galerm.

Bony, John Baptist, of Joseph and Mary Bony, born February 19, bap-
tized March i, sponsors Peter Landry and Josephine Bourg.

, Rebecca, of Eva , baptized privately, March 6.

, Francis, a slave, baptized March 9.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 26l

Miller, Simon, of Matthias and Anna Mary Miller, born January 20, bap-
tized March n, sponsor Agnes Greismeyer, witness Peter Sauter,

at Adam Geiger's, New Jersey.

Martin, Elizabeth, of John Martin and Margaret Haider, born February
8, baptized March u, sponsors Adam Geiger and Catharine Jacobi,
ibid.

Waas, Mary, of Sebastian and Anna Mary Waas, born January 14, 1760,

baptized March 21, sponsors Henry Arnold and Magdalen Hamin.

Ryan, John, of Thomas and Catharine Ryan, born January 28, baptized
March 22, sponsors Thomas Leanan and Deborah Doyle.

Landron, John Charles, of Jean and Blanche Landron, baptized March

25, sponsors John Barbin and Isabella Godrot
; baptized privately,

ceremonies supplied.

Gatringer [Cottringer?], George, of John and Catharine Gatringer, born
March -<-, baptized March 24, sponsors George Meade and Catharine

Spengler.

Wilhelm, Joseph, of Gerard and Elizabeth Wilhelm, born April 2, bap-
tized April 12, sponsors Joseph and Anne Mary Senaur.

Hoffman, Mary Barbara, of Sebastian and Cunegunda Hoffman, born

April 2, baptized April 12, sponsors Valentine and Barbara Korn.

Smith, Thomas, of William (P.) and Sarah f P.) Smith, born March
, bap-

tized April 26, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Weissburger.
David, Lucy Frances, of Anthony and Mary Theresa David, born April

24, baptized May 3, sponsors Thomas and Anna Fitzsimmons.

Hirt, Peter, of Nicholas and Barbara (P.) Hirt, born April 22, baptized

May 7, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.
Kauffman, Anna Mary, of Joseph and Catharine (P.) Kauffman, born

April 25, baptized May 10, sponsors John Gatringer and Catharine

Spengler.

Walter, Catharine, of Paul and Magdalen (P.) Walter, born March 25,

1758, baptized May 10, sponsors Adam and Catharine Meyer.
Walter, John, of the same parents, born March i, 1760, baptized May 10,

sponsors John and Catharine Gatringer.

Kelty, William, of Bartholomew and Catharine Kelty, born March i,

baptized May 14, sponsors James and Joanna Magill, at Adam Gei-

ger's, New Jersey.

Wentzel, John Adam, of John William and Anna Mary (P.) Wentzel,
born April 27, baptized May 14, sponsors John Adam Geiger and
Anna Abel, at the glass house.

Essling, Frederic, of Paul and Christina Essling, born May 8, baptized

May 12, sponsors Frederick and Elizabeth Graser.

Fore% John Baptist, of Ferdinand and Margaret Foret, born October 20,

1755, baptized May 12, sponsors - Babin and Mary M.
,

ceremonies supplied.

, Catharine, born Sept. 22, 1759, baptized May 26, sponsors
Sebastian and Cunegunda Hoffman.



262 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

McDonald, Anna, of John and Sarah McDonald, born Aug. 8, 1759, bap-
tized May 30, sponsor Elizabeth O'Neil.

Lee, Thomas, of James and Anna Lee, born April 6, baptized May 30,

sponsors Elizabeth and Patrick O'Neil.

Bisar, Francis, of Sebastian and Mary Barbara Bisar, born May 24, bap-
tized May 31, sponsors Francis and Barbara Sener.

Dussonds, Elizabeth, of Thomas Dussonds and
,
born

May 28, baptized May 31, sponsor Elizabeth Graser. %

Baudoin, James, of Alexander and Mary Josephine Baudoin, born May
28, baptized June 2, sponsors James Alexander Finnet and Mary
Bourg.

Macarty, Mary, of Owen and Elizabeth Macarty, born May 27, baptized

June 7, sponsors Edmund Bottler and Mary Carty.

Collins, John, of James and Eleanor Collins, born Aug. IT, 1760, bap-
tized June 8, sponsor Jeremiah Shea.

Hunecker, Joseph, of Mark and Anna Hunecker, born June 8, baptized

June n, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck, near Philadelphia.

Kelty, Owen, of Owen and Hannah Kelty, born Oct. 9, 1760, baptized

June 17, sponsors John and Margery Magill, in New Jersey, at

Geiger's.

Geiger, Agnes, of John Adam and Agnes Geiger, born June n, baptized

June 18, sponsors Lawrence Caspar and Agnes Griesmeyer.
McDonald, Thomas, of Jeremiah and Mary McDonald, born June 27,

baptized June 28, sponsors James Francis and Elizabeth Murray.

Moran, James, of Patrick and Eleanor Moran, born June 7, baptized

July 11, sponsors Martin Welsh and Mary Makra.

Riechart, Mary Magdalen, of John and Mary Apollonia Riechart, born

June 28, baptized July 12, sponsors Anna Mary Freddeia [Fredder?]
and Mary Magdalen Ambipere.

Welsh, Peter, of Peter Welsh and Margaret Roadge, born Nov. 7,

1759, baptized July 12, sponsors Eustace Daniel and Euphrosyne
Daigle.

Kelly, William, of and Anna Kelly, born June 13, baptized July

12, sponsors James Smith and Mary Brazil.

Buttler, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Rosa Buttler, born July 10, baptized

July 19, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Weisenberger.
Greanaus, Anna, of Jonathan and Joanna Greanaus, born Nov.

,

1760, baptized July 19, sponsors Wm. Murray and Catharine Ryan.
Smith, Anna, of James and Elizabeth Smith, born May 5, baptized July

19, sponsors Joanna Welsh and Margaret Ryan.
McMahon, Mary, of Patrick and Elizabeth McMahon, born June 25,

baptized July 26, sponsor Catharine Arnold.

Sluman, Robert, of Robert Sluman and
,
born Aug. 16,

1754, baptized Aug. 2, sponsor Catharine Arnold.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 263

Walker, George, of Emas [Enos ?] and Catharine Walker, born March 5,

baptized Aug. 9, sponsor Austin Villars.

Magill, John, of Michael and Mary Magill, born August 31, 1758, baptized

August 12, sponsors John Magill and Mary Roberts, in New Jersey.

Benner, Margaret, of Christian and Magdalen Benner, born July 12,

baptized Aug. 12, sponsors James Philip . Wenzel and Margaret
Haider, ibid.

Thurnbach, Henry, of Christian and Susan Catharine Thurnbach, born

July 9, baptized Aug. 12, sponsors Henry Geiger and Agnes Gries-

meyer, ibid.

,
Elizabeth born

, 1759, baptized August 27, sponsor
Anna Elizabeth

,
a slave of Peter Hegner, ibid.

Guet, Simon Joseph, of Simon Joseph and Magdalen Guet, born Sep-
tember 8, baptized September 10, sponsors Peter Gigitry and Mary
Melanson, ibid.

Haider, Francis, of Francis and Margaret Haider, born August 6, bap-
tized October 9, sponsors George and Christina Viet, ibid.

Walsh, Catharine, of James and Rosa Walsh, born October 2, baptized
October 9, sponsors John Murphy and Catharine Duken.

Coleman, Edward, of Edward and Anna Coleman, born November 8,

1760, baptized October 14, sponsors Peter Magill and Mary Kelly,
in New Jersey.

Magill, Susanna, of John and Catharine Magill, born June 25, baptized
October 14, sponsors Adam and Agnes Geiger, ibid.

Graff, Mary Magdalen, of Anthony and Barbara Graff, born October

13, baptized October 19, sponsors Joseph Wurth and Catharine
Miller.

Sagetson, Anne Margaret, of John Sagetson (P.) and Eva Schreiner,
born October 13, baptized October 16, sponsor Elizabeth Schreiner.

Gock, Mary Catharine, of Adam and Anne Mary Gock, born October 18,

baptized October 21, sponsors Carl and Anna Catharine Schmidt.

Boirg, Anna, of John and Magdalen Boirg, born October 28, baptized
October 28, sponsors Joseph de Bautan and Mary Galerm.

Tscharte, Mary Elizabeth, of Christopher and Mary Dorothy (P.)

Tscharte, born October 8, baptized November i, sponsor Mary
Elizabeth Stauter.

Haug, Sophia, of Anthony and Mary Haug, born October 21, baptized
November i, sponsors Nicholas and Sophia Viel.

Turner, Daniel, ofJohn Turne and Mary Bristlin, born October 20, bap-
tized November 3, sponsor Michael Kelly, witness Rebecca Parker.

Murphy, John, of Philip and Margaret Murphy, born November 10, bap-
tized November n, sponsors Timothy Carroll and Barbara Arnold.

McDonald. Reynold, of Roderic and Anna (P.) McDonald, born October

17, baptized November 14, sponsors James White and Magdalen
Gerstenberger.



264 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Nihill, James, of Edmund and Mary Nihill, born October 19, baptized
November 16, sponsors Thomas Fitzsimmons and Mary Gatringer.

Goff, Thomas, of Thomas and Alice GofF, born November 8, baptized
November 22, sponsors John and Anna Mary de Wetter.

Bourg, Judith, of Paul and Judith Bourg, born November 8, baptized
November 26, sponsors Peter Landry and Anna Bourg.

Ruhl, Adam, of George and Barbara Ruhl, born December 5, baptized
December 8, sponsors Adam and Catharine Meyer.

O'Brien, Anna, of Matthew and Elizabeth O'Brien, born December 7,

baptized December 10, sponsor Mary Galerm, ceremonies supplied.

Jeneker, Joseph Charles, of Ephraim and Maria Jeneker, born Novem-
ber 10, 1760, baptized December n, sponsor Mary Magdalen Russel.

Harm, John Valentine, of Christopher and Christina (P.) Hahn, born
November

, baptized December 26, sponsors John Valentine and
Barbara Korn.

Whole number of baptisms seventy-five.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1762.

Schnable, Mary Magdalen, of Andrew and Eva Schnable, born Dec. 19,

1761, baptized Jan. 3, sponsor Joseph Huneker, Mary Magdalen
Huneker witness.

Kneut, Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth Kneut, born Nov.
, 1761,

baptized Jan. 7, sponsor Catharine HefFerin.

Foaley, Mary, of Peter and Judith Foaley, born Nov. 8, 1761, baptized

Jan. 17, sponsors Richard Sweetman and Mary Duffy.

Essling, Anna Christina, of Peter and Mary Elizabeth Essling, born Jan-

uary , baptized Jan. 17, sponsors Pett-r and Christina Essling.

Bichau, John Baptist, of Paul and Mary Bichau, born
, baptized

Feb. i, sponsors Gregory Chenne and Magdalen Chenne, ceremonies

supplied.
Feinaur. John George, of Joseph and Anna Miry Feinaur, born Jan. ,

baptized February 8, sponsors John George Lamb and Catharine

Spengler.

Schilling, Anna Catharine, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born
,

baptized Feb. n, sponsor Catharine Wolff.

Weisenburger, Catharine, of Peter and Elizabeth Weisenburger, born

Jan. 20, baptized Feb. 22, sponsors Andrew Gallagher and Catharine

Duken, in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Bosran, Miriam Modesta, of John and Anna Bosran, born Nov. 25, 1761,

baptized March 3, sponsors Anthony Baudard and Margaret Doiron
;

baptized conditionally.

Mullen, William, of Daniel and Catharine Mullen, born March 3, 1756,

baptized March 10, sponsor Thos. Buttler, in vicinity of Philadelphia.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 265

Mullen, Hannah, of the same parents, born Feb. 6, 1758, baptized March 10,

sponsor Anna Huneker.

Mullen, John, of the same parents, born Aug. 8, 1760, baptized March 10,

sponsor Mary Huneker.

Landry, Miriam Margaret, of Peter and Josephine Landry, born
,

baptized March 13, sponsors Peter O'Kain and Margaret Landry;
baptized conditionally.

Frietz, John, of Caspar and Mary Frietz, born March 15, baptized March

28, sponsors John and Mary Stebing,

Baldrich, William, of Robert and Mary Baldrich, born Feb. 15, baptized

April n, sponsors William Heasy and Joanna Neal.

Herrick, John Anselm, of Nicholas and Sophia Elizabeth Herrick, born
March 20, baptized April 12, sponsors John Stauter and Elizabeth

Schreiner.

Armstrong, William, of John and Mary Armstrong, born March 28, bap-
tized April 13, sponsors Baudon and Mary Benoit.

Connor, Patrick, of Daniel and Eleanor Connor, born Oct. 20, 1761, bap-
tized April 14, sponsors Richmond and Mary Allen.

Eck, Joseph, of Jacob and Anna Eck, born Oct. 10, 1761, baptized April

18, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

O'Kain, Mary, of Oliver and Mary O'Kain, born May 3, baptized May
4, sponsors Oliver de Cotau and Magdalen le Prince.

Riihl, John George, of Joseph and Anna Mary Rtihl, born May 6, bap-
tized May 9, sponsors Adam and Anna Mary Gock.

Metzgar, Mary Elizabeth, of John and Cecilia Metzgar, born May 5, bap-
tized May 9, sponsors John Hoffner and Elizabeth Cochler.

Nicholson, Owen, of John and Sarah Nicholson, born autumn, 1761,

baptized May 15, sponsor Rudolph Essling.

O'Harra, Mary Anna, of Bryan and Mary (P.) O'Harra, born Feb. 7,

baptized May 15, sponsors Darby and Anna Savage.
Stahler, John Frederic, of John and Christina Stahler, born February n,

baptized May 16, sponsors Frederick and Elizabeth Graser.

Hoffman, Mary Magdalen, of John and Christina Hoffman, born Feb. 9,

baptized May 16, sponsors Valentine Korn, Jr., and Mary Magdalen
Essling.

Ford, John Peter, of John Stanislaus and Anna Ford, born May 18, bap-
tized May 18, sponsors Peter Ford and Margaret Babin.

Ball, George, of William Ball and Elizabeth Smith, born March 8, bap-
tized May 23, sponsors George Nagle and Barbara Kneulin.

Galather [Galater?], Mary Elizabeth, of Michael and Elizabeth Catharine
Galather [Galater?], born May 31, baptized June i, sponsors Joseph
Kientz and Elizabeth Stauter.

Hiner, John William, of Peter and Mary Josephine Hiner, born June i,

baptized June i, sponsors John le Prince and Magdalen Caporon.
Gatringer, [Cottringer ?J James, of John and Catharine Gatringer [Cot-



266 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

tringer?], born May 20, baptized June 6, sponsors James Thompson
and Catharine Spengler.

Sauerwalt, Elizabeth, of Michael and Margaret Sauerwalt, born June 6,

baptized June 7, sponsors John and Elizabeth Walter.

Kennedy, Rachael, of Patrick and Flora Kennedy, born May n, bap-
tized June 10, sponsors Cornelius Scantlen and Catharine O'Brien.

Le Blanc, John Charles, of Charles and Anna le Blanc, born June 21,

baptized June 21, sponsors Alexander le Prince and Magdalen
Gliche.

Stump, John, of Christopher and Margaret Stump, born December 3,

1761, baptized June 24, sponsors John and Regina Mayer, in New
Jersey, as above.

Huber, Francis, of Michael and Hannah Huber, born April 19, baptized

June 24, sponsors Francis Franks and Margaret Haider, ibid.

Butin, Susan Catharine, of Paul and Ursula Butin, born December 17,

1761, baptized June 24, sponsors Peter Dietry and Christina Geiger,
ibid.

D'Aigle, Joseph, of Alline and Euphrosyne D'Aigle, born May 22, bap-
tized June 27, sponsors Joseph and Judith de Champs.

Miller, Mathias, of John and Mary Miller, born June 12, baptized June

29, sponsor Mathias Jager, witness Catharine Brehm.

Ungar, Gertrude, ofJoseph (P.) and Margaret Ungar, born June 14, bap-
tized July 4, sponsors Andrew Schwartzman and Gertrude Hegner.

Kheun, Catharine, of Michael and Eva Keuhn, born June 17, baptized

July ii, sponsors Caspar and Mary Thum.
McKollom, Elizabeth, of James and Mary McKollom, born July 5, bap-

tized July n, sponsors Edward and Susanna Kearney.

Mullen, Mary and Anna, twins, of Thomas and Anne Mullen, born July

13, baptized July 13, sponsor James Mullen, witness Hannah

Maglochlin, for Mary, John O'Donnell and Margaret O'Donnell

sponsors for Anna.

Makoy, Margaret, of Enos and Sarah Makoy, born May , baptized

July 27, in house of Thomas Maguire, Chester, Pa.

Lennox, John, of John and Margaret Lennox, born July 19, 1761, bap-
tized August 8.

Blanchart, Mary Margaret, of Oliver and Euphrosyne Blanchart, born

August 9, baptized August n, sponsors Daniel and Mary le Blanc.

Sterling, Francis, of Joel and Mary Magdalen Sterling, born July 27, bap-
tized August 17, sponsors Francis Waltrich and Mary Magdalen,

daughter of Paul Essling.

Green, Thomas, of Thomas and Margaret Green, born December 24,

1761, baptized August 22, sponsors Michael Bryan and Anna Deally.

Fitzharold, Mary, of David and Phoebe Fitzharold, born 16, bap-
tized August 22, sponsors Darby McDonald and Margaret Conway.

Warren, Mary, of Peter and Mary Warren, born July 20, baptized August
24, sponsors Dennis and Mary O'Harra, in New Jersey.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 267

Ruh [Ruhl?], Lawrence, of Melchior and Barbara Ruh [Ruhl?], born

August 8, baptized August 24, sponsors Lawrence Caspar and Mary
Catharine Greismeyer, ibid.

Ribau, James, of Joseph and Margaret Ribau, born August 19, baptized

August 28, sponsors James and Sophia Robinson, by Father Robert

Harding.
DeWetter, Mary Catharine, of John and Anna Catharine de Wetter,

born August 22, baptized August 29, sponsors Joseph Wiirth and
Catharine Spengler.

Waas, Mary Elizabeth, of Sebastian and Anna Mary Waas, born April

17, baptized August 29, sponsors Henry and Anna Mary Fredder.

Hely, Catharine, of John and Catharine Hely, born February 22, baptized

August 29, sponsors Matthew and Catharine Lenny.
McBike, Benjamin, of Daniel and Margaret McBike, born August 26,

baptized September 2
;
had been privately baptized ;

ceremonies

supplied.

Schmidt, Anna, of Charles and Catharine Schmidt, born September 2,

baptized September 3, sponsors Marius and Anna Hunecker.

Viehl, Mary, of Nicholas and Catharine Viehl, born September 15, bap-
tized September 16, sponsors Anthony and Mary Haug.

Cassin, Joseph, of Joseph and Elizabeth Cassin, born September 4, bap-
tized September 19, sponsors John Sheridan and Margaret Conway.

Freeman, Anna Mary, of William and Elizabeth Freeman, born June 21,

baptized September 19, sponsors Peter and Anna Wiester.

Fevron, Augustine, of Augustine and Margaret Fevron, born September
19, baptized September 19, sponsors Louis Centre and Elen [Ellen]
Deboutere.

Doiron, Joseph, of Paul and Mary Doiron, born September 20, baptized
September 20, sponsors Paul Blanchard and Josephine Bourg.

Arnold, Barbara, of Henry and Agnes Arnold, born September 20,

baptized September 20, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Allen, Richmond and James (twins), of Richmond Allen and
,

born September 21, baptized September 21, privately.

Bauer, Mary Elizabeth and Mary Magdalen (twins), of Leonard and
Ursula (P.) Bauer, born September 22, baptized September 26, spon-
sors John and Elizabeth Phillips for Mary Elizabeth, Paul BischofT

and Magdalen Ansperger for Mary Magdalen.
Becker, Stephen, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born Septem-

ber 22, baptized September 26,sponsors Stephen and Mary [Foratch ?].

Reichart, Adam, of Frederic and Elizabeth Reichart, born September
17, baptized September 26, sponsors Adam and Catharine Mayer.

Sexton, Elizabeth, of John and Catharine Sexton, born April , bap-
tized September 26, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Neukomm, Barbara Catharine, of Henry and Mary Neukomm, born

August i, baptized by Father Robert Harding September 12, spon-
sors Adam Mayer and Barbara Knewlin.



268 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Babin, Joseph Michael, of Zachary and Margaret Babin, born Septem-
ber 29, baptized September 30, sponsors Peter Babin and Pelagia
Galerm.

Viehle, Catharine, of Robert and Sibylla Viehle, born October 3, bap-
tized October 4, sponsors Christopher and Catharine Viehle.

Morris, Mary, of Andrew and Rebecca Morris, born October 6, baptized
October 10, sponsors Patrick Marcum and Martha Levy.

Graff, John George, of Anthony and Barbara Graft, born October 6, bap-
tized October 10, sponsor Catharine Spengler.

Kientz, Martin John, of Andrew and Eva Kientz, born October 10, bap-
tized October n, sponsor Martin Weberan, near Philadelphia.

Makay, James, ot William and Catharine Makay, born October 5, bap-
tized October 17, sponsors Thomas Ghill [Gill?] and Mary Brown.

Hely, Thomas, of Daniel and Mary Hely, born October 18, baptized
October 18, sponsors Thomas Derry and Catharine Francis.

Daniel, Margaret, of Eustace and Margaret Daniel, born October 18,

baptized October 22, sponsors Paul Bourg and Anna Bosron.

Camel [Campbell?], Daniel, of John and Mary Camel [Campbell?], born
October 12, baptized October 24, sponsors Michael and Anna
Davis.

Rudolph, Catharine, of Tobias and Margaret Rudolph, born October

22, baptized October 25, sponsors Peter and Gertrude Hegner.
Gliche, Louis Joseph, of Louis and Magdalen Gliche, born October 26,

baptized conditionally, October 26, sponsors Simon O'Kain and
Anna le Blanc.

Makra, [Fegentius?], of John and Anna Makra, born September 22,

baptized October 26, sponsors Thomas Murphy and Margaret
Menin, Michael Cronin witness.

Cahel, John, of Thomas and Mary Cahel, born November i, 1757,

baptized October 30, sponsors Dennis Faulon and Margaret Brazil.

Cahel, Thomas, of same parents, born September 3, 1760, baptized
October 30, sponsor Hugh Makeny.

Collins, Sarah, of Daniel and Isabella Collins, born July 22, baptized
November 2, sponsors John and Margaret Reding.

Walter, Francis, of John and Elizabeth Walter, born November
6, baptized November 7, sponsors Francis Waltrich and Barbara

Steling.

Kelty, Michael, of Bartholomew and Catharine Kelty, born Octo-

ber 6, baptized November 10, sponsors Louis Murphy and Mary
Tynan.

Murphy, Robert, of John and Mary Murphy, born November 2, baptized
November 10, sponsors John Barret and Margaret Murphy.

Lery, Elizabeth, of Daniel and Mary Lery, born September n, baptized
November 10, sponsors Edmund and Barbara Buttler.

Martin, Peter Firmian, of Peter and Frances Martin, born November 10,

baptized November n, sponsors Joseph Dieri [?] and Mary Martin.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 269

Nikol, William, of William and Johanna Nikol, born November 9, bap-
tized November 13, sponsor Mary Brady.

Graser, Laurence, of Frederick and Elizabeth Graser, born November
10, baptized November 14, sponsors Laurence and Magdalen
Schone .

Martin, Anthony, of Anthony and Anna (P.) Martin, born November 12,

baptized November 14, sponsors Mathew Power and Margaret
Brazil.

Dunn, Peter, of Hugh and Elizabeth Dunn, born September 29, 1760,

baptized November 17, sponsor William Morry, in vicinity of

Philadelphia.

Thumb, Catharine, of Caspar and Eva Thumb, born November 7, bap-
tized November 21, sponsors Michael and Eva Khue.

Brooks, James, ofJames and Mary Brooks, born April 4, baptized Novem-
ber 22, sponsors Charles and Mary Queen.

Miller, Christian, of Matthias and Anna Mary Miller, born September 22,

baptized November 23, sponsors Christian and Magdalen Benner,
at Geiger's, in New Jersey.

Eyenson, Mary, of John and Elizabeth Eyenson, born September 26,

baptized November 23, sponsors Patrick and Margery Magill, ibid.

Lascher, Mary Catharine, of Leonard and Mary Anna Lascher, born
November 30, baptized December 8, sponsor Mary Catharine En-

gelhardt.

Bridy, John, of John and Dorothy Bridy, born November 18, baptized
December 12, sponsors George and Barbara Haug.

Baily, John Henry, of Richard Baily (P.) and Catharine Frick, born
. about September , 1757, baptized December 12, sponsors Henry

Kramer and Catharine Arnold.

Gock, Charles, of Adam and Mary Gock, born December 12, baptized
December 13, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.

Miller, Barbara, of Mathias and Anna M. Miller, born December 13,

baptized December 16, sponsors Andrew and Magdalen Gersten-

berger.
Uhla [Uhler?], John Anthony, of Francis Louis and Mary Ursula Uhla

[Uhler?], born December 10, baptized December 27, sponsors John
Ehreman and Barbara Korn.

Moor, Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth Moor, born December 4, bap-
tized December 30, sponsor Anna Fitzsimmons.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and seven.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1763.

Bell, William, of William and Mary (P.) Bell, a young man, baptized

January 5, sponsors William and Eleanor Hussy.
Babin, Mary Margaret, of Charles and Frances Babin, born January 9,

baptized January 9, sponsors Peter Vincent and Margaret Babin.



270 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Hesteron, Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth Hesteron, born January n,.

baptized January 16, sponsors Samuel Watts and Mary Connor.

O'Kain, Peter, of Oliver and Anna O'Kain, born January 21, baptized

January 21, sponsors Francis Savoy and [Ogithea ?] Dupries.

Wallis, Mary Magdalen, of Michael and Anna Mary Wallis, born January
20, baptized January 23, sponsors Christian Schiitz and Mary Mag-
dalen Wallis.

Schreiner, Mary Christine, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born

January 16, baptized January 23, sponsors Paul and Anna Christina

Essling.

Foratch, Frederika Catharine, of Stephen and Anna Mary Foratch,
born January 23, baptized January 23, sponsor Valentine Schalin,
witness Frederika Catharine, his wife.

Savoy, Mary Margaret, of Francis and Margaret Savoy, born February
16, baptized February 16, sponsors Joseph Debotan and Anastatia

Leblanc.

Vincent, Margaret, ofJoseph and Genevieve Vincent, born February 3,

baptized February 3, sponsors Peter Vincent and Mary Magdalen
Babin.

Vincent, Joseph, ofthe same parents, born
, baptized February 3,

sponsors Marin Leblanc and Margaret la Vache.

McKnight, John, of John and Catharine McKinght, born January 3, bap-
tized February 9, witness Elizabeth O'Neal.

Geiger, Laurence, of Adam and Agnes Geiger, born February 10, bap-
tized February 20, sponsors Laurence Caspar and Susanna Catharine

Thurnbach, in New Jersey.

Leblanc, Mary, of Henry and Mary Leblanc, born January 29, baptized

February 25, sponsors Nicholas Bernard and Catharine Swan.

O'Doran, James, of Hugh and Rosa O'Doran, born February 26, bap-
tized February 27, sponsors Joseph Eck and Catharine Spengler.

[Glontia?],Mary Margaret, of Louis and Mary Magdalen [Glontia?], born
March 7, baptized March 7, sponsors Oliver O'Kain and Mary Jose-

phine Dupries.

Hoffman, John Valentine, of Sebastian and Cunegunda Hoffman, born

March 8, baptized March 13, sponsors Valentine Korn, Jr., and
Elizabeth Lochler.

McDonald, Mary, of James and Bridget McDonald, born December 31,

1762, baptized March 13, sponsors John and Anna Lion.

Bohm, Francis, of Joseph and Mary Catharine Bohm, born March 19,

baptized March 19, sponsors Francis and Anna Barbara Sener.

Schoch, Margaret, of William (P.) and Catharine Schoch, born January
4, baptized March 22, sponsor Margaret Haider, witness Andrew
Roth (P.), in New Jersey.

Schad, Anna Mary Elizabeth, of John Peter and Mary Elizabeth (P.)

Schad, born February 16, baptized March 27, sponsors George and

Anna Mary Metz.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 27 1

Stoneman, Joanna, of William and Gertrude Stoneman, born May 17,

1753, baptized March 27, sponsor Susanna Kearney.
Stoneman, Sarah, same parents, born June , 1756, baptized March. 27,

sponsors Owen Sullivan and Mary Lauville.

Stoneman, Henry, same parents, born October 6, 1758, baptized March
27, sponsor John Lions.

Stoneman, Salome, same parents, born September ->-, 1761, baptized
March 27, sponsor Mary Lauville.

Pierie, Mary, of John and Mary Pierie, born December 23, 1741, bap-
tized April 2, sponsor Christina Mullabi.

Lederman, John, of John and Mary Catharine Lederman, born March

29, baptized April 3, sponsors John Becker and Christina Elizabeth

[Umessin?].
Brehmen, Anthony, of Anthony and Catharine Brehmen, born February

8, baptized April 3.

Green, Anna, of Thomas and Margaret Green, born March 9, baptized

April 10, sponsors Edward Murray and Susanna Kearney.
Daniels, Hugh, of John and Margaret Daniels, born February 2, baptized

April 10, sponsors Thomas and Elizabeth Griswold.

Frietz, Anna Barbara, of Daniel and Joanna Frietz, born March 9, bap-*

tized April 10, sponsors Nicholas and Barbara Hirt.

Welsh, Christopher, of Solomon and Mary Welsh, born April 6, baptized

April 10, sponsors John and Magdalen Steling, Mary Mills witness.

Kelly, William, of and Anne Kelly, born March 26, baptized April

16, sponsor John Moor, witness Catharine Shephard.
Bisar, Peter, of Sebastian and Rosina Bisar, born April 10, baptized

April 17, sponsors William Dorf and Mary Custer.

Maguire, Mary, of Richard and Rosa Maguire, born March 6, baptized

April 17, sponsors John Rediger and Mary Hughs.
Hunecker, Mark, of Mark and Anna Hunecker, born April 13, baptized

April 18, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

White, Catharine, adult, baptized April 21.

Mullen, James, of Daniel and Catharine Mullen, born Sept. 7, 1762, bap-
tized April 21, sponsor Mark Huneker.

Schilling, John Philip, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born April 15, baptized

April 24, sponsors Michael and Catharine Wolf.

Bosran, John Baptist, of John and Anna Bosran, born April 17, baptized

conditionally April 24, sponsors John Baptist Sinere and Anne Vin-

cent.

Essling, Anna Elizabeth, of Paul and Christina Essling, born April 17,

baptized'April 26, sponsors Frederick and Anna Mary Elizabeth

Graser.

Reding, Thomas, of John and Catharine Reding, born January 6, bap-
tized May 7, sponsor William Welsh, witness Abigail Moor.

Heath, Thomas, of John and Rebecca Heath, born February 26, 1762,



272 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

baptized May 15, sponsors James Morris and Joanna O'Brian, wit-

ness John Lion.

Benner, Anna Mary, of Christian and Magdalen Benner, born March 18,

baptized May 18, sponsors Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, in

New Jersey.

, John baptized May 23, sponsor Margaret Redmond.

Jager, Anna, of Mathew and Mary Jager, born April 20, baptized May
23, sponsors John Miller and Anna Siat.

Barry, Margaret, of William and Mary Barry, born February 21, bap-
tized May 23; the mother acted as god-mother in default of another.

McKenny, Margaret and Anna, twins, of Hugh and Mary McKenny,
Margaret born May 25, Anna born May 26, baptized May 26, spon-

sors, John Casey and Honora Conely for Margaret, John Kennelly
and Mary Kennedy for Anna.

Viel, Catharine, of Christopher and Catharine Viel, born May 30, bap-
tized June 5, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.

, Anna, of Anthony and Catharine ,
born January , bap-

tized June 12, sponsors Joseph [Ribari?] and Susanna Robinson.

Wilhelm, Anthony, of Gerard and Elizabeth Wilhelm, born June u,
baptized June 13, sponsor Anthony Ottman, witness Regina (P.).

[Graser?], Elizabeth, of Louis and Mary Grosar [Graser?], born June 18,

baptized June 18, sponsors Firmian and Elizabeth Bodoin.

Klein, Elizabeth, of James and Elizabeth (P.) Klein, born May u, bap-
tized June 19, sponsor William Schwerber, witness Mary Gertrude

Tschuster.

McDonald, John, of Darby and Mary McDonald, born June 17, baptized

June 19, sponsors William Fitzharris and Rebecca Evet.

Wilcox, Mary, of James and Prudence Wilcox, born June n, baptized

July 4, sponsors John Gatringer and Catharine Spengler, in Chester

[Pa.].

Keanan, Rebbecca, of Bryan and Susanna Keanan, adult, baptized July

u, sponsors Terence Fitzpatrick and Barbara Haug.
Beale, Mary, of George (P.) and Catharine Beale, born May 31, 1761,

baptized July 13, sponsor Mary Hefferman.

[Juwel?], Mary, of Philip and Mary [Juwel?], born June, 1761, baptized

August 2, sponsors Daniel Mignati and Mary Bridy.

O'Cain, Mary Magdalen, of Oliver and Margaret O'Cain, born August
6, baptized August 6, sponsors Simon O'Cain and Magdalen Doiron.

Buttler, George, ofEdmund and Barbara Buttler, born August 7, baptized

August 7, sponsors Timothy Carroll and Margaret Murphy.
Mignati, Joseph, of Daniel and Mary Mignati, born July 21, baptized Au-

gust 7, sponsor Christina Archbold.

[Caujemi?], James Cajetan, of Peter and Dorothy [Caujemi?], born July

25, Baptized August 7, sponsor James Lion.

Kessler, Frederika Catharine, of Andrew and Catharine Kessler, born



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 273

July 25, baptized August u, sponsor Frederika Catharine Schlausen,
witness Valentine Tschalus.

Villar, John, of Anthony and Eva Villar, born June 24, baptized August
21, sponsors Joanna Haug and Elizabeth Stauter.

Siran, Josephine Mary, of Peter and Mary Siran, born August 26, bap-
tized August 26, sponsors Joseph Leblanc and Mary Magdalen
Babin.

Metzgar, Catharine, of John and Cecilia Metzgar, born August 23, bap-
tized August 28, sponsors John Hoffner and Catharine Dun [Dunn?].

Haug, John Nicholas, of Anthony and Mary Haug, born August 24,

Baptized August 28, sponsors Nicholas and Sophia Viel.

Keanan, Elizabeth, of Henry Keanan and [Latiss?] ,
born August

4, baptized September 6, sponsor Mary Kennedy, witnesses John
Macaghan and John Wilson.

, Mary Magdalen, born September 10, baptized September 10,

ceremonies supplied September u, had been baptized in danger of
death by Paul Miller, an intelligent man.

Maglon, Hugh, of Laghlan and Mary Maglon, born September n, bap-
tized September 15, sponsors Andrew Maglon and Mary Willson.

Bodoin, Catharine, of Firmian and Elizabeth Bodoin, born Septem-
ber 13, baptized September 17, sponsors Stephen and Catharine

Schwerber, in the vicinity of Philadelphia.

[Mir?], Anna Mary, of John Baptist and Magdalen [Mir?], born Sep-
tember 18, baptized September 18, sponsors Francis Mouton and
Anna Savoy.

Wiester, Nicholas, of Peter and Anna Mary Wiester, born September
14, baptized September 18, sponsors Nicholas Raub and Margaret
Haider.

Landry, Peter Matthew, of Peter and Anne Landry, born September 21,

baptized September 22, sponsors John Broc and Margaret la Vache.

Imfeld, Anna Caroline, of Sebastian and Mary Clara Imfeld, born Sep-
tember 29, 1759, baptized September 24,sponsor Caroline Hornesser.

Lechler, John George, of George Ernest and Mary Lechler, born Sep-
tember u, baptized September 25, sponsor Catharine Spengler.

Raulater, John, of Peter and Judith Raulater, born February i, 1761,

baptized September 30; the mother acted as godmother in default of
another.

Wiirth, Charles Joseph, of Joseph and Barbara Wiirth, born October 2,

baptized October 6, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.
Reichart, Joseph, of Joseph and Mary Apollonia Reichart, born October

4, baptized conditionally October 16, sponsors Joseph Kientz and
Elizabeth Stauter.

Kramer, Francis, of Henry and Catharine Kramer, born October 16,

baptized October 20, sponsors Francis and Barbara Sener.

Connor, Mary, of Michael and Mary Connor, born August 15, 1762, bap-
tized October 21, sponsor Susanna Kearney, in New Jersey.



274 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

, Joseph Simon, of Alexis and Catharine
,
born October

28, baptized October 29, sponsors Susanna Debotan and Mary Babin.

Barry, John, of James and Esther Barry, born September 5, baptized
September 29, witness Mary Hughes; the mother acted as god-
mother in default of another.

Heling, Mary Magdalen, of John and Mary Magdalen Heling, born
Nov. 2, baptized Nov. 3, sponsors Lawrence and Mary Magdalen
Schone.

, William, of parents unknown, baptized Nov. 4, witnesses Michael
and Margaret Schonaltz.

Mayer, Elizabeth, of Joseph (P.) and Gertrude Mayer, born Oct. 31, bap-
tized Nov. 3, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.

Schnable, Michael, of Andrew and Eva Schnable, born Oct. 22, baptized
Nov. 6, sponsors Michael and Eva Khuen.

Holzhauser, Francis, of Dietrich (P.) and Christina Holzhauser, born Nov.

3, baptized Nov. 6, sponsors Francis and Barbara Sener.

Babin, Joseph, ofSimon and Anastatia Babin, born Nov. 6, baptized Nov.
6, sponsors Joseph Babin and Mary Leblanc.

Hirt, John, of Nicholas and Barbara Hirt, born Nov. 9, baptized Nov. 9,

sponsors John and Elizabeth Walter.

Jones, Ruth, adult, baptized Dec. 2, sponsor Catharine Lemy.
Thurnbach, Adam and Mary Catharine (twins), of Christian and Susanna

Catharine Thurnbach, born Nov. 25, baptized Dec. 6, sponsors Adam
and Margaret Geiger for Adam, Philip Wrentzel and Catharine

Griesmeyer for Mary Catharine, in New Jersey.

Reardon, John, of Daniel and Credely [Cordelia?] Reardon, born Feb.

28, 1761, baptized Dec. 8, sponsors Peter Magill and Magdalen
Dietry, ibid.

Reardon, Catharine, same parents, born July 2, baptized Dec. 8, sponsors
Peter Dietry and Susanna Butin, ibid.

y
ceremonies supplied.

Leblanc, John Baptist, of Daniel and Margaret Leblanc, born Dec. 9,

baptized Dec. 10, sponsors Joseph Leblanc and Mary Babin.

Haug, Paul, of James and Mary Magdalen Haug, born Dec. 6, baptized
Dec. 10, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Hirt, Anna Barbara, of George and Barbara Hirt, born Dec. 3, baptized
Dec. u, sponsors Michael and Barbara Hirt.

Murray, Catharine, of William and Eleanor Murray, born Oct. 17, baptized
Dec. n, sponsors Mathias Lemy and Catharine Mackey.

O'Brian, John, of Mathew O'Brian and
, baptized Dec. 13,

conditionally.

[Schmidt?], James, of James and Elizabeth Shmith [Schmidt?], born

Oct. 2, baptized Dec. 25, sponsors Patrick O'Neil and Bridget Poin-

ton.

Russ, Rachael, of Eleanor (Nelly) Russ, baptized Dec. 27, privately.

Mullabi, Francis Xavier, of Thomas and Christina Mullabi, born Dec.

10, baptized Dec. 29, sponsor Anna White.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 275

Crowley, William, of William and MaryCrowley, born Dec. 26, baptized
Dec. 29, privately.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and four.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1764.

Essling, Helen, of Peter and Mary Essling, born December n, 1763,

baptized January i, sponsors John Sauerwald and Helen Villars.

Mignon, John Charles, of Charles and Anastatia Mignon, born Decem-
ber 25, 1763, baptized conditionally January i, sponsors Francis

and Mary Galerm.

Burgeois, Joseph, of Claude and Catharine Burgeois [Bourgeois?], born
December 13, 1763, baptized January 8, witnesses John and Mag-
dalen Boutoux.

Wealin, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Mary Wealin [Whelan?], born Janu-

ary 9, baptized January 15, sponsors Gallahan Morarty [Moriarty?]
and Catharine Dun.

Becker, Mary Elizabeth, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born

January 16, baptized January 22, sponsors Leonard and Mary Anna
Lascher.

Gock, Anna Mary, of Adam and Mary Gock, born January 28, baptized

January 31, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary Riihl.

Eck, John, of James and Anna Eck, born January 22, baptized February
i, sponsors Marius [Mark?] and Anna Hunecker, in the

vicinity of Philadelphia.

Viel, Peter, of Rudolph and Sibylla Viel, born February 13, baptized

February 15, sponsors Peter and Catharine Viel.

Stuart, Joseph, of Thomas and Phoebe Stuart, born February 15, bap-
tized February 19, sponsors Jacob Welsh and Rebecca Morris.

Le Blanc, Mary Genevieve, of Marin and Isabella le Blanc, born Febru-

ary 22, baptized conditionally February 26, sponsors Charles le

Blanc and Genevieve Vincent.

Hawison, John, of Lancelot and Joanna Harrison, born February 25,

baptized February 26, sponsors Henry McAdam and Catharine

Swan.

Mayer, Anthony, of John and Elizabeth Mayer, born February 9, bap-
tized March 3, sponsors Anthony Lechler and Margaret de Wetter.

Sexton, Sarah, of John and Catharine Sexton, bojn February 26, bap-
tized March 7, sponsors Mark and Mary Connor.

Landry, Anna, of Peter and Anna Landry, born March 9, baptized
March 9, sponsors Paul Doiron and Mary Josephine Bourg.

O'Hara, Charles, of Brian and Mary O'Hara, born March 9, baptized
March u, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Carroll.

Freelan, Barnaby, of James and Joanna Freelan, born March 8, baptized



2/6 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

March 12, sponsors Barnaby Mullholan and Margery McBride, wit-

ness William Callaghan.

Hunecker, Elizabeth, of Mark and Anna Hunecker, born March 18,

baptized March 20, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck, in vicinity
of Philadelphia.

Sauerwald, Catharine, of Michael and Margaret Sauerwald, born March
19, baptized March 20, sponsors John and Elizabeth Walter.

O'Kain, Mary Magdalen, of Simon and Isabella O'Kain, born March 26,

baptized March 27, sponsors Peter Fore and Mary Landry.
[Stone?], Margaret, of Elizabeth [Stone?], born April 27, 1763, baptized

March 28.

Kheun, Elizabeth, of Michael, Jr., and Eva Kheun, born March 9, bap-
tized March 29, sponsors Andrew and Eva Schnable.

Feinauer, Mary Regina, of Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, born March

31, baptized March 31, sponsor Anthony Ottman, witness Regina

Grogan, Anna, ofJames (P.) and Hannah Grogan, born March 7, bap-
tized April 10, sponsor Judy Bond, witness Terence Doud.

Hueber, Christian, of Michael and Hannah Hueber, born March 9, bap-
tized April IT, sponsors Christian and Magdalen Benner, in New
Jersey.

Goff, James, of Thomas and [Elsie?] Goff, born April 5, baptized April

15, sponsors Joseph Feinauer and Catharine Spengler.

Schmid, Anna Barbara, of Charles and Catharine Schmid, born April 14,

baptized April 15, sponsors Joseph and Barbara Wiirth.

Hoffman, Francis, of John and Christina Hoffman, born April 7, bap-
tized April 22, sponsors Francis Louis and Mary Ursula Uhla

[Uhler?].

Coghran, Hannah, of William and Mary Coghran, born September 16,

1760, baptized April 15, sponsors James Reynolds and Anna
zell.

Henrich, John Nicholas, of Nicholas and Sophia Henrich, baptized

April 25, sponsors John Lechler and Anna Mary Weber, near

Philadelphia. *

Kauffman, John, of Joseph and Catharine Kauffman,born April 30, bap-
tized May i, sponsors John Gatringer and Catharine Schalusin.

Landry, Joseph, of Peter and Josephine Landry, born May 3, baptized

May 3, sponsors Peter Landry, Sr., and Margaret Savron.

Hair, Thomas, of Agnes Hair, born April 28, baptized May 3,

privately.

Fury, Martha, of Jacob and Mary Fury, born October 31, 1763, baptized

May 6, sponsors Daniel McMenamin and Sarah [Tin ?],

in Chester County, [Pa.].

Gist, Thomas, of Simon and Mary Gist, born April 13, baptized May 7,

Sponsor John Wilcox, ibid.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 277

Gorman, Mary, of Cornelius and Hannah Gorman, born June 28, 1763,

baptized May 7, sponsor John Hanley, ibid.

Ryan, John, of Thomas and Catharine Ryan, born April n, baptized

May 13, sponsors James Macra and Bridget Hunt, ibid.

Bird, Anna Emily, of Jonathan (P.) and Mary Bird, born April 13, bap-
tized May 16, sponsors Joseph and Euphrosyne Ribau, ibid.

Dewitter, Mary Magdalen, of John and Anna Mary Dewitter, born May
18, baptized May 20, sponsors John Sauerwald and Mary Magdalen
Wegfort, ibid.

[Connelly?], Sabina, of John and Rebecca Comely [Connelly ?], born May
10, baptized May 21, sponsors Martin Pendigast [Prendergast?]
and Eva Haug, ibid.

Schilling, Mary Catharine, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born May 9, bap-
tized May 23, sponsor Mary Catharine Bohm, ibid.

Gerstenberger, Joseph, of Andrew and Magdalen Gerstenberger, born

May 24, baptized May 24, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Budan, Paul, of Paul and Ursula Budan, born December 26, 1763, bap-
tized June 6, sponsors Peter Oliver Budan and Magdalen Quietry,
in New Jersey.

Stump, Regina, of Christopher and Mary Margaret Stump, born Decem-
ber 3, 1763, baptized June 6, sponsors Peter Halter and Regina
Mayer, ibid.

Zeis, John, of George and Eva Zeis, born May 29, baptized June 10,

sponsor John Mayer, witness Anna Margaret Wolf.

Henrich, John, of John and Margaret Catherine Henrich, born June 7,

baptized June 24, sponsors George and Anna Mary Mertz.

Sweetman, John, of Richard and Bridget Sweetman, born June 22, bap-
tized June 24, sponsors Bartholomew Kelsey and Anna Dougherty.

Hang, George, of David (P.) and Catharine Haug, born April 10, bap-
tized July i, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Ehrman, at Goshen-

hoppen [Berks Co.].

Leibich, Mary Eva, of John Leibich and
, baptized July i, spon-

sors Joseph Lorentz and Mary Bischoff, ibid.

Miller, Barbara, of Michael and Elizabeth Miller, born June 18, baptized

July 8, sponsors Theobald Miller and Barbara Kuhn, ibid.

Russell, John Bernard, of Matthew and Christina (P.) Russell, born May
28, baptized July 8, sponsors Melchior and Catharine Ziegler, ibid.

Lebaune, Joseph, of Joseph and Mary Lebaune, born May 27, baptized

July 16, sponsors Catharine [Boudro?] for Anastatia le Blanc;
had been privately baptized.

Lechner, Peter Christian and Veronica Gertrude (twins), of Mathew
and Barbara Lechner, born July 14, baptized July 18, sponsor Mary
Gertrude Stauter; had been baptized privately, near Philadelphia ;

ceremonies supplied.

Schneider, Joseph, of Henry and Barbara Schneider, born July 18, bap-
tized July 22, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer.



278 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Vogel, Magdalen, of Adam (P.) and Magdalen Vogel, born April 2, bap-
tized July 22, sponsors John Sauerwald and [Mary?] Magdalen Weg-
fort.

Lenox, Catharine, of John and Margaret Lenox, born July 15, baptized

July 23, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Furlon, Catharine Elizabeth, of Robert and Catharine Furlon, born
about November 17, 1763, baptized August 2, sponsor Mary Anna
Lescher.

Hoffman, Catharine, of Sebastian andCunegunda Hoffman, born August
2, baptized August 4, sponsors Caspar Korn and Catharine Haug.

Connor, Elizabeth, of John and Eleanor Connor, born August 27, 1760,

baptized August 8, sponsors Patrick and Margery Magill, in New
Jersey.

Kelty, James, of Bartholomew and Catharine Kelty, born August 6, bap-
tized August 9, sponsors Patrick and Margery Magill, ibid.

Kasser, James, of Peter and Mary Barbara Kasser, born June 25, baptized

August 15, sponsors James Kuhn and Mary Elizabeth Hartman, at

Goshenhoppen.
[Tscharte?], Mary Dorothy, of Christopher and Mary Dorothy

[Tscharte ?], born August 22, baptized August 24, sponsor Mary Ger-

trude Stauter, in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Kellar, Mary Elizabeth, of John and Barbara Kellar, born August 29,

baptized September 2, sponsors John and Elizabeth Philips.

McBike, Margaret, of Daniel and Margeret McBike, born August 7, bap-
tized September 2, sponsors Christopher O'Brien and Catharine

Shaw.
Cainere [?], Mary Josephine, of Thomas and Susanna Cainere [?], born

July 17, 1763, baptized September 2, sponsors Erne Chasse and Mary
Josephine Benoit.

Watts, John, of Samuel and Mary Watts, born August n, baptized Sep-
tember 4, sponsors John and Christine Mallaben.

Forest, Mary Modesta, of Peter and Margaret Forest, born September
4, baptized September 5, sponsors Simon O'Kain and Anna Landry.

Nagel, Nicholas, of George and Anna Mary Nagel, born September n,

baptized September n, sponsors John Heiser (for Nicholas Swan) and
Anna Fichtler.

Hely, John, ofJohn and Catharine Hely, born February 3, baptized Sep-
tember 30, sponsors Andrew and Eleanor Connor.

Mackey, William, of William and Catharine Mackey, born September
23, baptized October 7, sponsor John Camel, witness Mary Camel

[Campbell?].
Delitle, Hannah, of Hugh and Catharine Delitle, born March 2, baptized

October 7, sponsor Mary Kennedy, witnesses Henry Keanan and

James Gorman.

Boudrot, ,
of Peter Vincent and Catharine Boudrot, born October



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 279

22, baptized October 23, sponsors Francis Cire and Margaret la

Vache.

Schreiner, Anna Margaret, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born
October 21, baptized October 24, witness Francis Wolf, sponsor
Anna Margaret, his wife.

Danhauer, Anna Barbara, of James (P.) and Mary Danhauer, born Sep-
tember 7, baptized October 28, sponsors Christian and Anna Bar-

bara Viel.

McKay, Elizabeth, of Brian and Margaret McKay, born October 3, bap-
tized November n, sponsors Nicholas and Sophia Viel.

Bodan, Theodore, of Anthony and Barbara Bodan, born November 6,

baptized November n, sponsor Theodore Holzhauser, Eva, his

wife, witness.

Blanchart, Josephine Miriam, of Oliver Blanchart and Euphrosyne Le-

blanc, born November 9, baptized conditionally November 14, spon-
sors Paul Blanchart and Margaret Debotan

;
ceremonies supplied.

Herbsrger, Philip, of John Peter and Anna Mary Herberger, born No-

vembers, baptized November 15, sponsors Philip and Eva Schilling.

Poulton, Ambrose, of Charles Poulton and Ruth [Enoch?], born August
26, 1758, baptized November 6, sponsor Edward Macarty ; baptized
while traveling.

Beck, Joseph, of Nicholas and Apollonia Beck, born November i, bap-
tized November 18, sponsors Joseph Kohl and Alberta Kohl,
at Haycock [Bucks Co., Pa.].

Fegan, Hugh, of Patrick and Margaret Fegan, born November 6, 1762,

baptized condtionally November 21, sponsor Nicholas Boyl [Boyle?];
had been privately baptized.

Boehm, Joseph, of Joseph and Mary Catharine Boehm, born November
17, baptized November 25, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary
Feinauer.

Miller, Mary Catharine, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born July n,
baptized November 28, sponsors Peter Haider and Mary Catharine

Greismyer, at Geiger's, in New Jersey.

Jager, John, of Matthew and Mary Jager, born May 7, baptized December
i, sponsors George and Mary Nagel.

Donely, Margaret, of Philip and Catharine Donely [Donnelly?], born
October 20, baptized December 2, sponsors John Haug and Mar-

garet de Wetter.

Followe, Margaret, of Michael and Mary Followe, born November 5,

baptized December 14, sponsors Richard Allen and Rachael White,
by Rev. Robert Harding.

King, Alice, of James (P.) and Margaret King, born November 28, bap-
tized December 2, sponsors Henry McAdam and Mary Dohe.

Hertz, John, of John and Barbara Hertz, born December 5, baptized
December 6, sponsors Michael and Margaret Sauerwald.



280 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Barry, Margaret and Eleanor (twins), of William and Mary Barry, born
November 15, baptized December 22, sponsors, for Margaret Chris-

topher O'Brien, for Eleanor Mary Carey.

Mullen, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Anna Mullen, born November 3, bap-
tized December 22; had been baptized privately.

Charso, Anna Mary, ofJoseph and Christina [Charso or Chasso?], born
December 25, baptized December 25, sponsors Joseph and Anna
Mary Feinauer.

Whole number of baptisms ninety-two.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1765.

,
Anna and Sarah (sisters), baptized January 3, sponsor Magdalen

Mallaben*

Conel, Elizabeth, of John and Honora Conel [Connell?], born January

4, baptized January 10, witness Roger Heferman, sponsor Dorothy
Connor.

[Savage?], Catharine Elizabeth, of Stephen and Anna Mary Sorage

[Savage?], born January 3, baptized January 13, sponsors Bar-

tholomew and Elizabeth Becker.

Macra, John, of James and Bridget Macra, baptized January 13 ;
had been

baptized privately.

Mackay, Mary, of Patrick and Mary Mackay, born January 12, baptized

January 17, sponsors Michael Kelleyand Salome Wilhelm.

Boyd, Robert, of Patrick and Anna Boyd, born January 7, baptized

February 4, sponsors Patrick Conley and Catharine Spengler.

[Gaghard?], John Caspar, of John and Mary [Gaghard?], born January

25, baptized February 8, sponsors Caspar [Colombo ?] and Eleanor

Redgecock.
Hirt, Annie Barbara, of Nicholas and Barbara Hirt, born January 28,

baptized February 10, sponsors George and Barbara Hirt.

Haug, Mary, of George and Margaret Haug, born February 3, baptized

February 10, sponsors Anthony and Mary Haug.
Mayer, Mary Eva, of John and Elizabeth Mayer, born February 8, bap-

tized February n, sponsors Christopher Grebert and Anna Eva
Lechler.

Kneul, Anna Catharine, of Balthasar and Christina Elizabeth Kneul,
born February n, baptized February 15, sponsors George Kneul
and Catharine Frankenfield.

Haug, Margaret, of Anthony and Mary Haug, born February 14, bap-
tized February 19, sponsor George Haug, witness Margaret Haug.

Riihl, Susanna, of Joseph and Anna Mary Riihl, born February 25,

baptized February 28, sponsors Rudolph and Susanna Sibylla Viel,

in vicinity of Philadelphia.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 28 1

Vale, John James, of John and Anna Mary Vale, born February 15, bap-
tized March 3, sponsors James and Elizabeth Weisenburger, at

Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.]-

Graser, Joseph, of Frederic and Elizabeth Graser, born March 3, bap-
tized March 5, sponsors Paul and Anna Christina Essling.

Stabler, Cathararine Elizabeth, of John and Christina Stabler, born Feb-

ruary 24, baptized March 10, sponsors Bartholomew and Catharine
Elizabeth Becker.

McKillam, John, of Archibald and Margaret McKillam, born May
6. 1764, baptized March 26, sponsor Dennis LafFerty, witness Hanni-
bal McKensey.

Viel, John, of Christian and Barbara Viel, born March 23, baptized April
i, sponsors, John and Eva Hasner.

Schreiner, James, of Henry and Sarah Schreiner, born January i,

baptized April 7, sponsor James Trein, witness Mary Margaret Trein.

, Mary Magdalen, of Christopher and Mary Magdalen ,
born

February 19, baptized April 7, sponsors David Gogg and Mary Mag-
dalen Mayer.

Walliser, John, of Michael and Anna Mary Walliser, born December
4, 1764, baptized April 9, sponsors John Schutz and Anna Mary
Walliser.

Archdeacon, Mary, of Patrick and Joanna Archdeacon, born April 10,

baptized April 12, sponsors William Nunan and Mary Theresa David.

Babin, Mary Margaret, of Peter Vincent and Mary Magdalen Babin, born

April 15, baptized conditionally April 16, sponsors Charles le Blanc
and Mary Josephine Babin

;
had been baptized privately, ceremo-

nies supplied.

Feinauer, Joseph, of Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, born April 15,

baptized April 18, sponsors George Joseph and Mary Catharine
Bohm.

Fagan, Mary, of Patrick and Margaret Fagan, born April 12, baptized
April 19, sponsor John Poulton, in Berks Co. [Pa.].

David, Mary Theresa, of Anthony and Mary Theresa David, born Feb-

ruary 28, baptized March 3, sponsors Jacob Burns and Catharine

Gatringer, by Rev. Robert Harding.
Miller, Mary Barbara, of Philip and Elizabeth Miller, born December 6,

1764, baptized April 21, sponsor Mary Ruplin, at Haycock
[Bucks Co., Pa.].

Horn, Catherine, of John George (P.) and Margaret Horn, born Nov-
ember i, 1764, baptized April 21, sponsors Jacob Rus [Russ?] and
Catharine Gressir [Graser?], ibid.

Heitzman, Mary Magdalen, of John George (P.) and Agatha Heitzman,
born September 29, 1764, baptized April 21, sponsors Jacob Glass
and Elizabeth Miller, ibid.

Merrick, Anna Dorothy, of Henry and Catharine Merrick, born Decem-



282 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

her 8, 1764, baptized April 21, sponsor Anna Dorothy Weinburn,
ibid.

Wean, Elizabeth, of Isaac and Rosina Wean, born February 21,

baptized April 22, sponsors Hugh and Cecilia McNagh, while

traveling, in New Jersey.

Kean, Jubal, of John and Mary Kean, born January 9, 1763, baptized

April 23, sponsor Philip McDead, ibid.

Durst-Reider, Anna Mary, of Francis Joseph and Anna Mary Durst-

Reider, born October 29, 1764, baptized April 26, sponsors John
Mayer and Mary Juliana Abtin ;

had been privately baptized, at

Ringwood [Passaic county, N. J.].

Sullivan, Daniel, of Dennis and Catharine Sullivan, born May 5, 1762,

baptized April 28, sponsors John Brown and Catharine Fichterin,

ibid.

Sullivan, George, of the same parents, born December 23, 1763, baptized

April 28, sponsors George Sly and Mary Brown, ibid.

McAllister, Daniel, of John and Mary McAllister, born September 6,

1762, baptized May i, sponsors Isaac and Rosina Wean, while re-

turning.

McAllister, Anna, of the same parents, born July 5, , bapt. May i,

sponsor Francis Honey, witness Margaret (his wife), while returning.

McGill, Patrick, of James and Joanna McGill, born February 9,

baptized May 8, sponsors Stephen Magill and Catharine Kelty, at

Adam Geiger's, New Jersey.

Kolb, Simon, of Andrew (P.) and Catharine Kolb, born February 19,

baptized May 8, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger, ibid.

Ruh, Peter, of Melchior and Peter Ruh [Ruhl ?], born April 18, bap-
tized May 8, sponsors Peter Haider and Christina Geiger, ibid.

Lin, Sarah, of Hugh and Anna Lin [?], born September 19, 1764, bap-
tized May 10, sponsors Peter Goffand Mary Quinn.

O'Neil, Elizabeth, of Terence and Eleanor O'Neil, born January ,

baptized May n, sponsor Edward Hanlin.

Scantlin, Cornelius, of Cornelius and Mary Scantlin, born April 28, bap-
tized May n, sponsors Dennis Hood and Winifred Cooper ;

had
been baptized privately, ceremonies supplied.

O'Hara, Arthur, of Henry and Bridget O'Hara, born April 26, baptized

May 13, sponsors Timothy Maginnis and Margaret Roge.

Makra, James, of James and Bridget Makra, born January n, baptized

May 19, sponsors John Hargin and Joanna Pornor.

Viel, Catharine, of Nicholas and Sophia Viel, born May 16, baptized

May 19, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.

Naval, Margaret, of John and Nancy Naval, born April 22, 1761, baptized

May 25, sponsors Neal Shaw and Judith Bond.

Essling, James, of Peter and Mary Essling, born April 26, baptized May
26, sponsors Peter Rice and Mary Magdalen Essling, Jr.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 283

Schumacher, John, of Christian and Anna Mary Schumacher, born May
3, baptized July 9, sponsors John Kheun and Magdalen Cupser,
at Goshenhoppen.

Keintz, Margaret, of Mathew and Margaret Keintz, born May 8, baptized
July 16, sponsors James and Eva Honig [Konig?], at Hay-
cock.

Wilhelm, Catharine Elizabeth, of Gerhard and Elizabeth Wilhelm, born

May 16, baptized July 23, sponsors Bartholomew and Catharine
Elizabeth Becker.

Schmid, John, of William James (P.) and Catharine Schmid, born May
5, baptized July 23, sponsors Christian and Elizabeth Schiiltz.

Eyenson, Louis, of John and Elizabeth Eyenson, born May i, baptized

July 26, sponsors Thomas Eyenson and Esther Eyenson, at Adam
Geiger's, New Jersey.

Kelty, Anna, of Walter Kelty and Judith Cotter, born June 8, baptized

July 8, sponsor Mary Connor.

Will, Sarah, of Phillip and Elizabeth Will, born November
, 1764, bap-

tized July 8, sponsors Anthony and Sarah Aman; the sponsor,

Anthony Aman, had given it private baptism, ceremonies supplied.

Hoeffner, John Joseph, of John and Eva Hoeffner, born July 10, bap-
tized July 12, sponsors Valentine Korn and Eva Lechler.

Connor, John, of Andrew and Eleanor Connor, born July i, baptized

July 14, sponsors John Connolly and Catharine Brian.

Borson, Peter, of Joseph and Anna Borson, born July 18, baptized July

18, sponsors Oliver Debotan, Jr., and Anna Bourg.
Leblanc, John, of Henry and Mary Leblanc, born July 27, baptized July

30, sponsor Mary Frances [Esconveman?], Jacob Gilotan witness.

Rieger, Godfrey, of Simon and Anna Margaret Rieger, born July 28,

baptized August i, sponsor Anna Cassin, witness Godfrey Schisler.

Wealin, Catharine, of Thomas and Margaret Wealin [Whelan?], born

August i, baptized August 3, sponsor David Clancy, Barbara
Burkhart witness.

Hauck, Elizabeth, of James and Mary Magdalen Hauck, born July 28,

baptized August 4, sponsors Frederic and Elizabeth Graser.

Lascher, Eva, of Leonard and Mary Anne Lascher, born August 8, bap-
tized August n, sponsors Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner.

Mignati, Francis, of Daniel and Mary Mignati, born May 27, baptized

August IT, sponsor Francis Wollin, Margaret Steward witness.

Klein, Theresa, of James and Elizabeth Klein, born August 7, baptized

August 15, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

, Elizabeth, about two years old, baptized August 16
;
had been

baptized privately.

Waltrich, Andrew, of Francis and Catharine Waltrich, born August 14,

baptized August 18, sponsors Andrew and Charlotte Schwartzman.

Sexton, John James, ofJohn and Catharine Sexton, born August 19, bap-
tized August 25, sponsors James Forage and Barbara Kneulin,



284 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Renigar, Anne Margaret, of Anthony and Eva Renigar [Reniger?],
born August 7, baptized conditionally August 30, sponsor Anna
Angela Schwartzman.

[Cancenny?], Dorothy Margaret, of Peter and Dorothy [Cancenny?], born

August 30, baptized September i, sponsor James Lyons, Dorothy
Lyons witness.

McFadden, John, of John and Margaret McFadden, born July 24, bap-
tized September 8, sponsor Henry McAdam.

Benner, Agnes, of Christina and Magdalen Benner, born May 20, bap-
tized September n, sponsors Agnes Roth and Adam Geiger, at

Adam Geiger's, N. J.

Essling, Catharine, of Paul and Christina Essling, born September 12,

baptized September 20, sponsors Frederic and Elizabeth Graser.

Ledermann, Andrew, of John and Mary Catharine Ledermann, born

September 19, baptized September 22, sponsors Andrew and Eva
Schnable.

Sailer, Mary Salome, of Sebastian and Elizabeth Sailer, born Septem-
ber 22, baptized September 24, sponsor Mary Salome Schwartz.

Becker, John Michael, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born Sep-
tember 29, baptized October 6, sponsors Michael and Catharine
WolfL

Blanchart, Paul, of Paul and Cecilia Blanchart, born October 7, baptized
October 7, sponsors Oliver Blanchart and Magdalen Dibotan.

Ryan, Prudence, of Ryan and Elizabeth O'Donagh, born August
, baptized August 10, sponsors John Carr and Joanna Dedy.

Christi, Martin, of Martin and Hannah Christi [Christy ?], born October

n, baptized October 13, sponsors Dennis Dogherty and Barbara
Buttler.

Zeis, Elizabeth, of George and Eva Zeis, born October 8, baptized
October 13, Michael Schreiner witness, sponsor Eva Schreiner.

Dogherty, George, of Dennis and Margaret Dogherty, born October 13,

baptized October 13, sponsors James Byrne and Barbara Buttler.

Kinslow, Catharine, of John and Elizabeth Kinslow, born October 6,

baptized October 17, sponsors William Kelly and Winifred Cooper.
Schultz, Anna Elizabeth, of John and Eva Schultz, born October i, bap-

tized October 20, sponsors John Schultz, Sr., and Anna Schultz

for Elizabeth Schultz.

Schoneck, Charles Joseph, of Lawrence and Magdalen Schoneck, born
October 14, baptized October 20, sponsors Charles and Catharine
Schmid.

Jackson, Catharine, of William and Margaret Jackson, born September
20, baptized October 27, sponsor Magdalen Gerstenberger.

[Matson?], Mary, adult, baptized October 27, sponsor Catharine White.

Schwartzman, Anthony, of Andrew and Charlotte Schwartzman, born
October 27, baptized October 28, sponsors Anthony and Barbara
Graff.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 285

Greanaus, Catharine, of Cornelius and Elizabeth [Greanaus?], born
November 4, baptized November 4.

Ryan, Mary, of Thomas and Catharine Ryan, born September 7, baptized
November 4, sponsors Martin Christi [Christy ?] and Joanna Dedy ;

had been baptized privately.

Philips, Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth Philips, born October 24, bap-
tized November 3, sponsors Gerard and Elizabeth Wilhelm.

Sellers, Hannah, of Joseph and Mary Sellers, born May 2, 1764,

baptized November 4.

Cramer, Anna Mary Julia, of Mathias and Mary Catharine Cramer, born

August 10, baptized November 9, sponsors John Mayer and Mary
Juliana Abtin, at Ringwood [Passaic Co., N. J.].

Sullivan, Mary Juliana, ol Dennis and Catharine Sullivan, born August
13, baptized November 10, sponsors Redmund Welsh and Mary
Juliana Abtin, ibid.

Hogan, Mary, of John and Rosina Hogan, born February 26, 1764, bap-
tized November 12, sponsors John Wider and Juliana Abtin, ibid.

Feniger, Mary Gertrude, of John and Elizabeth Feniger, born August
23, baptized November 14, sponsor Gertrude Abtin.

Caroll, Edward, of Timothy and Elizabeth Caroll, born November 6,

baptized November 17, sponsors Jerome (Darby) Savage and Ailie

Clark.

Rudolph, John George, of Tobias and Margaret Rudolph, born Novem-
ber 13, baptized November 18, sponsors George Ernest and Mary
Magdalen Lechler.

, Festus, baptized November 20, sponsor Mary Clary, a mulatto
servant of James Byrne.

Magill, James, of John and Catharine Magill, born January 21, baptized
November 27, sponsor James Magill, witness his wife, Joanna, at

Adam Geiger's, in N. J.

Roth, Catharine, of Andrew (P.) and Agnes Roth, born September 15,

baptized November 27, sponsors Peter Haider and Catherine Gries-

meyer, ibid.

Thurnbach, Mary Anna, of Christian and Susanna Catharine Thurnbach,
born October 10, baptized November 27, sponsors Simon Geiger
and Regina Meyer, ibid.

Sullivan, Mary, of Owen and Mary Sullivan, 10 years of age, baptized
November , sponsors Thomas Green and Anna Broc, by Father

Jacob Pellentz.

Bullock, George, of Timothy and Catharine Bullock, 12 years old, bap-
tized November

, sponsor Arthur John O'Neil, by the same.

Bullock, Timothy, Anna, and Joanna, of same parents, born respectively
about August , 1755, July , 1758, and

, 1760, baptized
December 2, sponsor for all three, Arthur John O'Neil, in Chester
Co. [Pa.].



286 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Gorman, Eleanor, of Cornelius and Hannah Gorman, born September
8, 1764, baptized December 2, sponsor Joanna Hanlon, ibid.

Hely, William, of Daniel and Mary Hely, born December 5, baptized
December 5, sponsors Oliver Hunt and Anna Cusic.

Stuart, Richard, of Thomas and Phoebe Stuart, born December 7, bap-
tized December 7, sponsors Louis Luke and Margaret ; bap-
tized privately on 7th, and ceremonies supplied on the 8th.

Schmatzga, John Michael, of James and Eva Mary [Schmatzga?], born
October 24, baptized December 8, sponsor John Michael Wolf.

Spath, John Matthew, of John and Anna Margaret Spath, born Decem-
ber 3, baptized December 8, sponsors John Mathew Gock and Eva
Lechler.

Schneider, James, of Burchard and Catharine Schneider, born

September n, baptized December 15, sponsors Jacob and Frances

Walter, near Yellow Spring [Chester Co., Pa.?].
Whole number of baptisms one hundred and thirtee'n.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1766.

Kramer, Christian, of Henry and Catharine Kramer, born January 2,

baptized January 2, sponsors Christian Bub and Catharine Arnold.

, Susanna, of unknown parents, born December 28, 1764, baptized

Januarys, sponsor John Baptist Theole, witness Susanna Oge (?).

Meyer, Peter, of I (P.) and Gertrude Meyer, born January 8,

baptized January 13, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.
Mahoni, Mark, of Anthony and Hannah Mahoni [Mahony?], born

January 10, baptized January 14, sponsor Catharine Talley.

Landry, Mary Modesta, of Peter and Josephine Landry, born January

19, baptized January 20, sponsors Peter Savoy and Mary Martin.

Connel, Robert, of John and Honora Connel, born January 20, baptized

January 20, sponsors John Keasy and Dorothy Connor.

Sparrow, Mary Ann, of Samuel and Grace Sparrow, born January 22,

baptized January 26, sponsors John Donely and Anna McDonald,
witness - Dougherty.

Dunbar, James, of and Catharine Dunbar, born January

23, baptized January 27, sponsors Adam Mayer and Winifred

Cooper.
Gorman, Bridget, of Cornelius and Hannah Gorman, born January 17,

baptized January 28, in Chester Co [Pa.].

Burton, John, of John and Esther Burton, 9 years old, baptized Febru-

ary 8, in New Castle {Delaware].

Leaman, James, of Thomas and Esther Leaman, i year old, baptized

February 8, by Rev. Robert Harding, ibid.
;
ceremonies supplied.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 287

Bullock, Thomas, of Timothy and Catharine Bullock, 14 years old, bap-
tized February 10, sponsor Arthur John O'Neal, in Chester Co.

[Pa.].

Karns, Elizabeth, of Hugh and Anna Karns, 8 years old, baptized Feb-

ruary 10, sponsors Arthur John O'Neal and Bridget Leary, ibid.

Karns, Benjamin, of same parents, 6 years old, baptized February 10,

sponsors Arthur John O'Neal and Bridget Leary, ibid.

Karns, John, of same parents, 3 years old, baptized February 10, spon-
sors Arthur John O'Neal and Bridget Leary, ibid.

Karns, Margaret, of same parents, born March 26, 1764, baptized Feb-

ruary 10, sponsors Arthur John O'Neal and Bridget Leary, ibid.

Tscharte, John, of Christopher and Mary Dorothy Tscharte, born Feb-

ruary 12, baptized February 16, sponsor John Schneider, witness

Elizabeth (his wife).

Le Prince, Joseph, of John and Mary le Prince, born February 17, bap-
tized February 17, sponsor Joseph Davoit, ceremonies supplied.

Viel, Christopher, of Rudolph and Susanna Viel, born February 13,

baptized February 18, sponsors Christopher and Catharine Viel, in

vicinity of Philadelphia.

Rearton, Dennis, of Cornelius and Susanna Rearton, 6 years old,

baptized February 23.

Bodouin, James, of Firmian and Elizabeth Bodouin, born February 21,

baptized February 23, sponsor Jacob Lion, Dorothy (his wife)
witness.

Burgois, Margaret Rosa, of Claude and Catharine Burgois [Bourgeois?],
born February 9, baptized February 23, sponsors Joseph and Mar-

garet Ribau.

Schneider, Ottilia, of Henry and Barbara Schneider, born February 19,

baptized February 26, sponsors William Dorg and Ottilia Viet, in

vicinity of Philadelphia.

, William, born January , baptized March 4, sponsors Jacob
Eck and wife, in the house of Jacob Eck.

Nagel, Anna, of George and Mary Nagel, born March 2, baptized March
6, sponsor Mary Walburga Bremick for Anna Fichtler.

Ridiger, Mathew Anthony, of John, Jr., and Margaret Ridiger, born
March 2, baptized March 9, sponsors John Ridiger, Sr., and Anna
Mary .

Welsh, William, of James and Rosa Welsh, born March 9, baptized
March 9, sponsors Joseph Cassin and Margaret Harkins.

Scheimer, Bartholomew, of Frederic and Mary Magdalen Scheimer,
born November 23, 1765, baptized March 16, sponsors Francis and

Apollonia Sohl, in Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

, Margaret, of Joanna ,
born March 13, baptized March 24,

sponsor Mary Clary, servant of James Burns.

Weade, Mary, of Michael Weade [Meade ?] and Elizabeth Nugent, born



288 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

January 14, baptized March 25, sponsors William Fitzharris and
Catharine Shaw.

, Mary, of Hannah
,
born March 24, baptized March 25,

sponsor Catharine Nunan, servant ofJames White.

Eustace, Mary Josephine, of Daniel Eustace and Margaret Doiron, born

April 3, baptized April 4, sponsors Joseph Ribau and Genevieve
Boudrot.

Weider, Anna Mary, of Joseph and Margaret Weider, born March 17,

baptized March 19, sponsors John Nicholas Jungfleisch and Anna
Mary Reider, at Ringwood [N. J.].

Weibl, Conrad, of Charles and Susanna Weibl, born March 14, bap-
tized March 19, sponsors Conrad Welsh and Catharine Demuth;
had been baptized privately, ceremonies supplied, ibid.

Mentzenbach, John Anthony, of Nicholas and Helen Mentzenbach,
born April 5, baptized April 19, sponsors Anthony Schumers and
Clara Legohn, ibid.

Potter, Susanna, of Joseph and Margaret Potter, born January 17, 1762,

baptized April 20, sponsors Michael Forrester and Catharine Sulli-

van, ibid.

Fechter, John, of Philip and Mary Eva Fechter, born November 18,

1762, baptized April 20, sponsors John Mayer, Jr., and Mary Catha-
rine Cramer, ibid.

Call, Mary Elizabeth, of John Nicholas and Anna Margaret Call, born
October 20, 1764, baptized conditionally April 21, sponsors James
Demuth and Mary Elizabeth Hoffman, ibid.

Farrell, Mary, of Richard and Charlotte Farrell, Born December i, 1764,

baptized April 22, sponsors James Curran and Catharine Sullivan, ibid.

Borm, John Peter, of John and Anna Mary Bonn, born July 29, 1764, bap-
tized conditionally April 22, sponsors John Peter Heilsamer and Eliza-

beth Schmid, ibid.

Hoffman, George Louis, of Paul and Anna Magdalen (P.) Hoffman,
born April 6, baptized April 24, sponsor Gertrude Abtin, witnesses

Louis Fischer and George Hupacher, at Bascon Ridge [Somerset

Co.,N.J.].
Reichman, Mary Theresa, of Reichman and

,
born

April 24, baptized April 30, sponsors and Reichman,
near Philadelphia.

Lamy, Stephen, of James Lamy and Hannah Ludek, born December

26, 1765, baptized May 7, sponsors Matthew Lamy and Sarah Tim,
in Chester Co. [Pa.].

Walter, John, of James and Frances Walter, born February 5, baptized

May 8, sponsor John Schieler, in Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Walter, Francis, of same parents, born Feb.uary 4, baptized May 8,

sponsors Francis and Apollonia Sohl, ibid.

Roth, Anna, of Christian and Elizabeth Roth, born February 4, bap-
tized May 8, sponsor Peter Einold, ibid.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 289

Farrell, Isidore, of Patrick and Alice Farrell, born April 27, baptized

May 3, sponsors James Byrne and Mary Murphy, by Rev. Robert

Harding.
Eimold, James, of Peter and Mary Ann Eimold, born March 2, baptized

May 8, sponsor Christian Weisenberger, in Pikesland.

O'Neil, Andrew, of Arthur and Mary O'Neil, born March 12, baptized

conditionally May 9, sponsors Thomas Ryan and Catharine Ryan.
Gleman, Mary Catharine, of John Dewald and Mary Eva (P.) Gleman,

born April 19, baptized May 14, sponsors William and Mary Catha-

rine Schoch, William being witness, at Geiger's.

Archdeacon, Catharine, of Morris and Bridget Archdeacon, baptized

May 25, sponsor Adam Mayer.
Schreiner, Mary Agatha, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born

March 10, baptized April 25, sponsors James Otts and Mary Agatha
Hart.

Rischart, Elizabeth, of Lothaire and Elizabeth Rischart, born March 10,

baptized May 28, sponsor Walburger Brennich.

McCaffrey, Luke, of Edward and Sarah McCaffrey, baptized May 31,

sponsors Luke and Mary Dun, witness James Smith.

Savage, John, of Darby and Anna Savage, born May 30, baptized June
i, sponsors Brian O'Harra and Elizabeth Carroll.

Mayer, Mary Magdalen, of John and Elizabeth Mayer, born May 3, bap-
tized June 8, sponsors Anthony Lechler and Mary Agatha Hart,

by Rev. Robert Harding.
Haug, Christian, of George and Margaret Haug, born May 30, baptized

June 8, sponsor Anthony Haug, witness Margaret Miller.

Heits, Laurence, of John and Barbara Heits, born June 17, baptized

June 22, sponsors Laurence Gock and Catharine Haug.
Shortel, Mary, of Richard and Margaret Shortel, born June 17, baptized

June 22, sponsors Jude Thaddeus Salasar and Margaret Mallabi.

Brian, Catharine, of Brian and
,
born February ,

baptized conditionally June 24.

Kelty, Mary, of Bartholomew and Catharine Kelty, born June 19, bap-
tized June 29, sponsors Stephen Magel [McGill ?] and Joanna
Johns, in New Jersey.

Miller, Matthew, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born May 21, bap-
tized June 29, sponsors Christian and Magdalen Benner, ibid.

Bucher, Henry, of John and Catharine Bucher, born June 8, baptized

June 29, sponsors Henry and Barbara Geiger, ibid.

Foulon, Margaret, of Michael and Mary Foulon [Fowler?], born Au-

gust 3, baptized by Rev. Robert Harding, sponsors Richard Allen

and Rachael White, ibid.

Kean, Anna, of Miles and Catharine Kean, born April i, 1765, baptized

conditionally July 10.

Glancy, Mary, of Dennis and Susanna Glancy, born July 7, baptized

July 13, sponsors Philip Campbell and Susanna Glancy.



2QO AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Koch, Peter, of John and Anna Mary Koch, born June 22, baptized July

13, sponsors Peter and Anna Maria Wiester.

McDearmot, Bridget, of Dennis and Mary McDearmot, born July 9,

baptized July 13, sponsors William Nunan and Mary Theresa
David.

O'Davelin, James, of Roger and Susanna O'Davelin, born April 4, 1765,

baptized July 20, sponsors Thomas Riley and Sarah Tim, in Pikes-

land [Chester Co., Pa.].

Schue, John, of John Bartholomew (P.) and Mary Crescentia Schue, born

July 12, baptized July 22, sponsors John Kramer and Mary Magdalen
Mayer.

Goff, Andrew James, of Thomas and Mary Goff, born July 3, baptized

July 22, sponsors William Connor and Mary Macarty.

Delaney, Mary, of Michael and Honora Delaney, born May 4, 1765, bap-
tized August 6, sponsors John Carrel and Margaret Green.

Hely, William, of John and Catharine Hely, born July 17, baptized

August 10, sponsors William and Honora Murray.
Hoffman, Simon, of John and Christina Hoffman, born August i, bap-

tized August 10, sponsors Simon and Magdalen Haug.
Trelan, John, ofJames and Joanna Trelan, born October 17, 1765, bap-

tized August 13, sponsors Philip and Anna Ryan.
Geiger, Anna Mary, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born July 8, baptized

July 27, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger, at Adam Geiger's.

Huber, Peter and Catharine (twins), of Michael and Hannah Huber, born

July 25, baptized July 27, sponsors Peter Haider and Mary Catha-

rine Griesmeyer for Peter, Laurence Caspar and Catharine Schoch
for Catharine, ibid.

Navel, John, ofJohn and Anna Navel, n years old, baptized August 31,

sponsors Solomon Welsh and Mary Lewis, at Salem [N. J.].

Dugan, John, of Jacob and Sarah Dugan, born August 17, baptized

August 31, sponsors Philip Lynch and Elizabeth Sohl, at Pikes-

land [Chester Co., Pa.].

White, Mary Magdalen, of Dennis and Catharine White, born August
13, baptized August 31, sponsors Cormick [Macatea ?] and Mary
Miller, ibid.

Allen, Mary, wife of Richard Allen, baptized September 8, at Concord

[Del. Co., Pa.].

Veil, Mary Susanna, of Christopher and Catharine Veil, born Septem-
ber 8, baptized September 9, sponsors Charlotte Engelbrand and

Sibylla Rudolph.
Graff, Aloysius, of Anton and Barbara Graft, born September 14, bap-

tized September 15, sponsors Paul Miller and Catharine Spengler.

Johnston, Joseph, of Hugh and Eustatia Johnston, born November 22,

1765, baptized conditionally September 17.

Brady, Mary, of John and Dorothy Brady, born August 10, baptized

August 20, sponsors Anthony and Mary Haug.



LtST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 2QI

Bodart, William, of Anton and Barbara Bodart, born September 20,

baptized September 21, sponsors William Dorff and Anna Siere.

Leblanc, Mary Magdalen, of Daniel and Margaret Leblanc, born Octo-

ber 8, baptized October 8, sponsors Anthony Landry and Barbara
Leblanc.

Haugh, John Frederick, of Simon and Mary Magdalen Haugh, born
October 10, baptized October 12, sponsors John Frederick and Eliza-

beth Graser.

Williams, Moses, of Francis and Eleanor (P.) Williams, born July 12,

1765, baptized October 14; the mother was sponsor in default of

another.

Collins, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Sabina Collins, born October 2, bap-
tized October 19, sponsors Patrick Dealy and Mary Gatringer.

Birt, Marianne, ofJonathan (P.) and Mary Birt, born October 17, baptized
October 23, sponsors Charles O'Harra and Anna Broc.

Fitzgerald, Joseph, ofJames and Mary Fitzgerald, born October 30, bap-
tized October 26, sponsors George Coffey and Mary Lamb.

Becker, John Michael, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born
October 18, baptized October 26, sponsors Michael and Catharine

Wolf.

Kelly, John, of Luke and Margaret Kelly, born February 8, 1759, bap-
tized November 2, sponsors Martin Lawless and Eleanor Ulaghan
[Hoolihan?], at Ringwood [Passaic Co., N. J.].

Kelly, Luke, of same parents, born December 27, 1760, baptized Novem-
ber 2, sponsors Martin Lawless and Eleanor Ulaghan [Hoolihan?],
ibid.

Kelly, Frances, of same parents, born February 12, 1763, baptized Novem-
ber 2, sponsors Martin Lawless and Eleanor Ulaghan [Hoolihan?],
ibid.

Kelly, Mary, of same parents, born December 4, 1765, baptized Novem-
ber 2, sponsors Martin Lawless and Eleanor Ulaghan [Hoolihan?],
ibid.

Strach, John Anthony, ofJohn William and Anna Elizabeth Strach, born

May 21, baptized November 2, sponsors John Mayer and Mary Eva
Fichter, ibid.

Deal, Elizabeth, of John and Mary Deal, baptized November 3, sponsors
Laghlin Burns and Margaret McCollom, ibid.

Etinger, Charles Frederic, of and Mary Etinger, born October 19,

baptized November 4, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid, ibid.

Burk, John, of Adam and Mary Burk, born November 5, baptized

conditionally November n, ibid.

, Sebastian, born November 13, baptized November 15, sponsors
Sebastian and Elizabeth Seibert, ibid.

Tims, Sarah, of Henry and Anna Tims, born September n, baptized
November 30, sponsors John King and Sarah Tims, at Pikesland

[Pa.].



292 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Hely, Thomas, of Thomas and Margaret Hely, born November 24, bap-
tized December 4, sponsors Dennis Dun [Dunn?] and Anna Savage.

Haug, Joseph, of Anton and Mary Haug, born November 29, baptized
December 7, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer.

Finey, William, of John and Mary Ottilia Finey, born October 19, bap-
tized December 7, sponsor Anna Mary Hirsch.

Lorentz, Mary Catharine, of Caspar and Margaret Lorentz, born August
23, baptized December u, sponsors Simon Geiger and Catharine

Haider, at Adam Geiger's.

[Ruhl?], Michael, of Melchior and Barbara Ruh [Ruhl?], born October

25, baptized December u, sponsors Michael Huber and Margaret
Lorentz, ibid.

Magill, Margaret, of James and Joanna Magill, born November 3, bap-
tized December n, sponsors Stephen Magill and Christiana Mul-
labe [Malleben?], ibid.

Watts, Samuel, of Samuel and Mary Watts, born December 13, baptized
December 14, sponsors Hugh Quigley and Christiana Mullabe.

Christ, John, of Michael and Elizabeth Christ, born August 31, baptized
December 23, sponsors John and Catharine Schreiber.

Davis, Margaret, of Thomas and Isabella (P.) Davis, born November
baptized December 23, sponsors Solomon Welsh and Margaret
Roage.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and thirteen.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1767.

Sauerwald, Mary Magdalen, of John and Magdalen Sauerwald, born

January 4, baptized January n, sponsors Lawrence and Mary Mag-
dalen Schone.

Kientz, Sophia, of Joseph and Catharine Kientz, born January 19, bap-
tized February i, sponsors Nicholas and Sophia Veil.

Herberger, Tobias, of Peter and Anna Mary Herberger, born January
29, baptized February 2, sponsors Tobias and Anna Margaret
(P.) Rudolph.

Maglochlin, Joanna, of Wiljiam and Mary Maglochlin, born December
20, 1766, baptized February 2, sponsors Margaret Lucas and Francis

Hughs [Hughes?].
Arnold, James, of Henry and Agnes Arnold, born January 28, baptized

February 2
;
the priest was godfather.

, Mary of unknown parents, baptized privately February 3, in

house of John Broc.

Reinhold, Rebecca, ofJames and Mary Reinhold, born January 12, bap-
tized February 3, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Carroll.

Wilhelm, John, of Gerhard and Elizabeth Wilhelm, born February 2,

baptized February 8, sponsors John Wilhelm and Catharine Gersten-

berger.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 293

Dillon, Rudolph, of and Judy Dillon, born October 26, 1766,

baptized conditionally February n.

Holtzhauser, Mark, of Theodore and Christiana (P.) Holtzhauser, born

February n, baptized February 15, sponsors Mark and Anna
Hunecker.

Donely, Eleanor, of Philip and Catharine Donely, born February 5, bap-
tized February 15, sponsors John and Eva Hoffman.

Connor, Mary, of Mark and Mary Connor, born February 9, baptized

February 15, sponsors Henry Hughs [Hughes?] and Dorothy
Connor.

Kenedy, Mary, of and Mary Kenedy, born February 26,

baptized February 27, sponsor Catharine Arnold, widow.

Hoffner, Mary Magdalen, of John and Eva Hoffner, born February 23,

baptized March i, sponsors Caspar and Mary Magdalen Korn.

Bohm, Mary Catharine, of John and Catharine Bohm, born February 23,

baptized March i, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer.

, Dinah, of Nicholas and Flora
,
born

, 1764, baptized
March i, sponsor Anna Mary Wiester, negro servants of Warwick
Coats.

Jacobs, James, of William (P.) and Catharine Jacobs, born February ,

baptized March 10, sponsors Henry and Agnes Arnold.

Maher, Anna, of and Mary Maher, born February 2, baptized
March 17; the mother acted as godmother in default of another.

Beal, Henry, of George (P.) and Catharine Beal, born February 9, bap-
tized March 19, sponsor Charlotte Engelraid.

Murray, Margaret, of Hugh (P.) and Elizabeth Murray, born April 12,

1763, baptized conditionally March 25, sponsors James Welsh and
Anna Roage ;

had been baptized by a Presbyterian minister.

Zeigler, Anna Elizabeth Sarah, of Henry James and Mary Catharine

Zeigler, born July , 1765, baptized March 25, sponsor Regina
Catharine Nagel, witness Anna Elizabeth Betsin.

Benner, Simon, of Christian and Magdalen Benner, born February 18,

baptized March 29, sponsors Simon and Christiana Geiger, at

Geiger's [N. J.].

Magill, Stephen, of Peter and Barbara Magill^born February 15, baptized
March 30, sponsors Stephen Magill and Margaret Delaney, near

Geiger's.

Dun, Mary, of William and Bridget Dun [Dunn?], born March , bap-
tized April 5, sponsors John Farron and Elizabeth Donaghy.

Lynch, John, of John and Elizabeth Lynch, born March 19, baptized
April 5, sponsors Jeremiah Lynch and Anna Hanlon.

Gallagher, Mary, of John and Anna Gallagher, born March 20, baptized
April 7, sponsors Patrick Daly and Bridget Doyle.

Joyce, Anna, of Albert and Sarah Joyce, born about January 20,

baptized April 9, sponsors Bryan O'Harra and Barbara Buttler.



294 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

O'Harra, Anna and Catharine (twins), of Bryan and Mary O'Harra,
born April n, baptized April 13, sponsors John and Catharine

Gatringer, for Anna, Timothy Carroll and Barbara Buttler for

Catharine.

Will, Margaret, of Philip and Elizabeth Will, born March 17, baptized
April 19, sponsors John and Margaret Spath.

Cancemi, Peter Firmian, of Peter and Dorothy (P.) Cancemi [Can-
cerni?], born March 14, baptized April 19, sponsors Firmian and
Elizabeth Bodoin.

Feinauer, Mary Catharine, of Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, born

April 25, baptized April 26, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Bohm.

Jacobi, Christian, of Philip and Margaret Jacobi, born March 25, baptized
April 28, sponsors Christian and Susanna Catharine Thurnbach, at

Geiger's.

, Lucie, of Sylvester and
,
born April 7, baptized May 4,

sponsors Thomas and Elizabeth Wilcox, at Concord ; servant [or

slave] of Wilcox.

O'Donel, Anna, of Hugh and Rosa O'Donel, born March 31, baptized
May 5, sponsors [ames Klein and Catharine Spengler.

David, Winifred Catharine, of Anthony and Mary Theresa David, born

April 26, baptized May 3, sponsor Catharine Swan, by Rev. Robert

Harding.
Sauerwald, Barbara, of Michael and Margaret Sauerwald, born May 5,

baptized May 6, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Haug, Mary, of John and Catharine Haug, born May 3, baptized May 8,

sponsors Anthony and Mary Haug.
,
Flora Rosa, 20 years old, baptized May 10, sponsor Mingo Coats,

servant to Warren Coats; witness Flora, servant to Timothy Caroll.

Lery, Henry, of Daniel and Mary Lery, born February 21, baptized May
14, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Caroll.

Conwell, James, of James Conwell and Jane Stephenson, born April 13,

baptized May 17, sponsors Edward Murray and Mary Kenedy.
Hald, Mary, ofJohn Hald and Catharine Manin, born December

, 1755,

baptized conditionally May 21, sponsor Judith Hatton.

Spath, Joanna Catharine, *of John and Margaret Spath, born May 15,

baptized May 22, sponsors John and Joanna Catharine Wagner.
Conor, Susanna, of Michael and Mary Conor, born February 28, baptized

May 30, sponsors Robert White and Mary Crowley.

Larcon, Susanna, of and Anna Larcon [Larkin?], born Octo-

ber 31, 1766, baptized May 31, sponsors Anthony Murray and Sarah

Dugan, at Pikesland [Pa.].

Sohl, John, of Francis and Apollonia Sohl, born April 9, baptized May
31, sponsors John Bernard Brown and Mary Elizabeth Sohl, ibid.

Sherman, Elizabeth, adult, baptized June 6, sponsors John and Catharine

Smith ;
wife of Philip Morrison.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 295

Thompson, John, of John Thompson and Hannah Ryan, born April 21,

baptized June 7, sponsor Daniel Hely, witness Margaret M'Clean.

Juson, Mary Martha, of Thomas and Catharine Juson, baptized June 8,

sponsors Adam and Martha Poth.

Deleany, Elizabeth, of Michael and Honora Deleany [Delaney?], born

April 19, baptized June 14, sponsor Mary Bussye, witness Patrick

Linard.

O'Kain, Simon Joseph, of Simon O'Kain and Cecilia Dibotan, baptized

conditionally June 14, sponsors John Gatringer and Catharine

Schmid.

Welch, John James, of Conrad and Elizabeth Catharine Welch, born
November 18, 1766, baptized conditionally June 18, sponsors James
Walter and Susanna Waibe, at Ringwood [N. J.].

Butz, John George, of John William and Mary Magdalen Butz, born

April 3, baptized June 18, sponsors John Els and Anna Elizabeth

Walker, ibid.

Fichter, John, of Philip and Eva Fichter, born February 10, baptized

June 18, sponsors John Mayer, Jr., and Susanna Waibe, ibid.

Reider, Joseph, of Francis Joseph and Anna Mary Reider, born Decem-
ber 25, 1766, baptized June 19, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Anna
Mary Borm, ibid.

Hoffman, Mary Eva, of Lambert and Elizabeth Hoffman, born January
5, baptized June 19, sponsors John Mayer, Sr., and Mary Eva
Fichter, ibid.

Cramer, Anna Mary, of Matthew and Mary Catharine Cramer, born April

9, baptized June 19, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Anna Mary
Reider, ibid.

Pfaltzer, John, of Eugene and Mary Margaret Pfaltzer, born December
13, baptized June 20, sponsor John Cobole, at Gothland.

Schmid, Anna Sophia, of Adolph (P.) and Elizabeth Margaret Schmid,
born January 6, baptized June 20, sponsors John Cobole and his wife

(for Sophia Schneider), ibid.

Cobole, John, of John and Catharine Cobole, born May 13, 1765, baptized

June 20, sponsors John Burn and Magdalen Butz, ibid.

Schneider, Anna Margaret, of Henry (P.) and Mary Sophia Schneider,
born June 3, baptized June 21, sponsors Nicholas Mentzenbach and
Wilhelmina Butz, at Ringwood [Passaic Co., N. J.].

Miller, Robert, of David and Mary Miller, born March
, 1763, baptized

June 21, sponsors Wendelin Kramer and Elizabeth Warle, ibid.

Miller, James, of same parents, born November 24, 1765, baptized June
21, sponsors James Dun and Mary Lehre, ibid.

Bachman, Henry, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born February
24, baptized conditionally June 21, sponsors John Mayer (for Henry
Strable) and Mary Anna Welker, ibid.

Schreiner, Mary Christina, of Henry and Anna Sarah Schreiner, born



296 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

, baptized June 24, sponsor Mary Barbara Wolf, witnesses

James Zein and Christina Pfister, at Basconridge [Somerset Co.,
N. J.].

'Barefoot, Anna, of John and Anna Barefoot, born
, baptized June

28, sponsor Bridget O'Neil.

Matley, James, of Walter and Mary Matley, born April n, baptized

June 28, sponsors Adam Mayer and Anna Savadge [Savage?].
Seibert, Francis Joseph, of Sebastian and Elizabeth Seibert, born June

28, baptized June 29, sponsors Peter Bremich (for Francis Joseph
Schwartz) and Mary Salome Schwartz.

JMcHughin, Anna, of John and Martha McHughin [McCuen?], born

April 9, 1764, baptized July 19, sponsors John and Eleanor Conor,
at Adam Geiger's.

O'Neal, Mary, of John Arthur and Rose O'Neal, born July 15, baptized

August 2, sponsors William Moran and Susanna Fitzsimmons, at

Concord [Del. Co., Pa.].

Barry, Robert, of James and Esther Barry, born June 22, 1766, baptized

August 8, sponsors Patrick and Joanna Brady.

Migno, Mary Isabelle, of Charles Migno and Pelagia Galerm, born

August 12, baptized conditionally August 12, sponsors Paul Bichan

and Josephine Daroit.

Bagnel, John, of Edward Bagnel and
,
born , baptized

conditionally August 12.

Kessler, Valentine, of Andrew and Catharine Kessler, born March 4,

baptized August 12, sponsors Valentine and Frederika Catharine

Schalus.

Treim, Mary Dorothy, of James and Elizabeth Treim, born August 4,

baptized August 16, sponsors Christopher and Mary Dorothy
Tscharte.

Doyle, Anna Mary, of James and Mary Christina Doyle, born July 4,

baptized August 23, sponsors Peter and Anna Mary Weister.

Dugan, Catharine, of John and Mary Dugan, born July 13, baptized

August 25, sponsors Richard Garrety and Catharine Lemy.
Glangley, Elizabeth, of William and Elizabeth Glangley, born December

25, 1764, baptized August 30, sponsors John McHughin [McCuen ?]

and Margery Magill, at Adam Geiger's.

Glangley, Catharine, of same parents, born July 23, 1762, baptized

August 30, sponsors Owen Kelty and Regina Mayer, ibid.

Neal, William, of Cornelius and Elizabeth Neal, born February 18,

baptized August 30, sponsors Hugh Magines and Margery Magill,

ibid.

McHughin, Barnabas, of John and Martha McHughin [McCuen?], born

October 17, 1765, baptized August 30, sponsors John Osmund and

Margery Magill, ibid.

Hamilton, Mary Felicia, of William, Hamilton and ,
born



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 297

November
, 1766, baptized September 3, sponsor Mary Felicia

Escher.

Cahel, Eleanor, of John and Catharine Cahel, born August 16, baptized

September 6, sponsors Daniel Caroll and Joanna Nichols.

Ridiger, Anna Mary, of Matthew Anthony and Mary Anna Ridiger, born

June 24, baptized September 6, sponsors John and Mary Anna
Ridiger.

Frelan, John, of James and Joanna Frelan, born July 30, baptized Sep-
tember 7, sponsors Dennis and Bridget Dun [Dunn?].

Schneider, Mary Gertrude, of John Christian (P.) and Mary Elizabeth

Schneider, born August 24, baptized September 7, sponsors John
and Mary Gertrude Stauter, near Philadelphia.

Gerstenberger, Anthony, of Andrew and Mary Magdalen Gerstenberger,
born September 8, baptized September n, sponsors Anthony and
Barbara Graff.

Senner, Mary, of Francis and Mary Senner, born September 8, baptized

September 13, sponsors John and Mary Gatringer.

O'Davelin, Susanna, of Roger and Susanna O'Davelin, born July 19,

baptized September 20, sponsors James Hickey and Eleanor Karker,
at Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Mackey, Francis, of William and Mary Mackey, born August 20, baptized

conditionally September 26.

Zeis, Mary Anna, of George and Eva Zeis, born September 19, baptized

September 27, sponsors Leonard and Mary Anna Lascher.

Schwartzman, Joseph, of Andrew and Charlotte Schwartzman, born

September 30, baptized October i, sponsors Peter Eck (for his father

Joseph Eck) and Catharine (wife of Joseph).

Patterson, Hannah, ofJohn and Mary Patterson, born August 9, baptized
October 4, sponsors William Sherlock and Rosa O'Neal, at Concord

[Del. Co., Pa.].

Summer, Mary Catharine, of John and Anna Margaret Summer, born

September 29, baptized October 13, sponsor Catharine Spengler.

Welsh, James, of David and Mary Welsh, born July 8, 1760, baptized
October 16, sponsor Sophia Dogherty.

McAdam, Sarah, of Henry and Mary McAdam, born October 17,

baptized October 17, sponsor Rebecca Clark.

Egan, Charles, ofJohn and Margaret Egan, born September 23, baptized
October 18, sponsors Thomas Fitzsimmons and Mary Clarey.

O' Brian, William, of M O' Brian [O'Brien?] and
,
born

June , 1767, baptized October 20, sponsors Martin Pendegras
[Prendergast?] and Catharine Swan.

Linacd, Catharine, of Patrick and Margaret Linard [Leonard?], born

September 3, baptized October 25, sponsors Dennis Sullivan and
Christina Mullabi.

Anderle, Mary Elizabeth, of Michael and Mary Anna Anderle, born June
8, 1764, baptized October 25, sponsors Peter and Mary Schad.



298 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Schlosser, Mary Magdalen, of Joseph and Anna Mary Schlosser, born
October 2, baptized October 26, sponsor Mary Magdalen Mallock.

Rush, Joanna, of Patrick and Margaret Rush, born October 27, baptized
October 30, sponsors John Lennox and Mary Farrell.

Eck, Barbara, of James and Elizabeth Eck, born October 30, baptized
November i, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Sig, Mary Magdalen, of John George (P.) and Mary Magdalen Sig, born

February 19, baptized November 15 ;
had been baptized by a

Lutheran minister
;
ceremonies supplied ;

at Ringwood [N. J.].

Perkins, Benjamin, of Benjamin and Mary Perkins, born September 22,

1766, baptized November 16, sponsors Joseph and Margaret Pat-

terson, ibid.

Patterson, John, of Joseph and Margaret Patterson, born August 20, bap-
tized November 16, sponsors William Fitzgerald and Elizabeth

Freeman, ibid.

Burns, Mary Margaret, of Laghlin and Margaret Burns, born July 4,

baptized November 16, sponsors Henry Philips and Margaret
Schwefel, ibid.

Gla, Anna Catharine, of Charles and Anna Eva Gla, born June 28, bap-
tized November 16, sponsors John Reider and Anna Catharine

Demuth, ibid.

Bremignon, Thomas, of William and Catharine Bremignon, born Febru-

ary 25, 1755, baptized November 26, sponsors Thomas Byrnes and
Rebecca Clark.

Bremignon, Margaret, of same parents, born December 12, 1738, baptized
November 26, sponsors Thomas Byrnes and Rebecca Clark.

Bremignon, Eleanor, of same parents, born September 15, 1760, baptized
November 26, sponsors Thomas Byrnes and Rebecca Clark.

Bremignon, John, of same parents, born September 15, 1764, baptized
November 26, sponsors Thomas Byrnes and Rebecca Clark.

Kolb, Catharine Margaret, of Andrew and Catharine (P.) Kolb, born
November i, baptized November 29, sponsors Adam and Margaret
Geiger, in New Jersey.

Eyenson, Simon Peter, of John and Elizabeth Eyenson, born October

18, baptized November 30, sponsors Patrick Magill and Esther

Eyenson, ibid.

Schone, John James, of Laurence and Mary Magdalen Schone, born
December 3, baptized December 6, sponsors James and Elizabeth

Klein.

, William, born October
, baptized December 6, sponsor

Margaret Vincent Blanchard (widow), a mulatto.

Essling, Margaret, of Peter and Anna Mary Essling, born November 24,

baptized December 6, sponsors Henry Lechler and Margaret Stolls.

Koempf, Matthew, of Matthew and Susanna Koempf, born November
27, baptized December 6, sponsor Matthew Bremich.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 299

McMullen, Matthew, of John and Margaret McMullen, born November
4, baptized December u, sponsor Elizabeth Maddon.

Rider, Robert, of Christopher and Anna Rider, born . baptized
December 14, sponsor Catharine Gordon.

Albrecht, Anna Eva, of James and Anna Mary Albrecht, born December
13, baptized December 16, sponsors John Westermeyer and Anna
Eva Miller.

Lederman, John, ofJohn and Mary Catharine Lederman, born December
21, baptized December 26, sponsors John Becker and Barbara Wolf.

McKegg, John, of Brian and Margaret McKegg, born June 7, baptized
December 27, sponsors Peter Heffner and Anna Lechler.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and twenty-three.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1768.

Hall, Margaret, of Philip and Elizabeth Hall, born December 23, 1767,

baptized January 2, sponsors Joseph Feinauer and Margaret Egan.
Nagel, Mary Barbara, of George and Mary Nagel, born January 3, bap-

tized January 6, sponsors Francis Joseph and Mary Barbara Hirt.

Mignati, Dorothy Elizabeth, of Daniel and Mary Mignati, born January
6, baptized January 10, sponsor Peter Caputh, Dorothy, his wife,

witness.

Ummerzetter, Regina Catharine, of Conrad (P.) and Anna Margaret
Ummerzetter, born October 30, 1767, baptized January 17, sponsors

Jacob and Regina Nagel.

Burgeois, Mary Magdalen and Mary Eva (twins), of Claude and Cath-
erine Burgeois, born January 18, baptized January 19, sponsors
George and Mary Magdalen Lechler for Mary Magdalen, Peter

Heffner and Eva Lechler for Mary Eva.

Friihwirth, John Adam, of John George and Catharine Friihwirth, born

January 14, baptized January 21, sponsors Adam Goth and Catharine

Spengler.
De Witter, Mary Catharine, of John and Anna Mary de Witter, born

January 19, baptized January 24, sponsors Joseph Kauflfman and
Catharine Spengler.

Lenox, David, of John and Margaret Lenox, born January 22, baptized

January 29, sponsors Patrick and Margaret Rush.

McCullough, Duncan, adult, baptized February 6, conditionally.

Gock, John, of Adam and Mary Gock, born February 5, baptized Feb-

ruary 9, sponsors John Friihwirth and Catharine Spengler.

Schwerber, Susanna Catharine, of William and Ottilia Schwerber, born

February n, baptized February 16, sponsors Christopher and
Catharine Viel

;
in the vicinity of Philadelphia.

, Anna, of Hannah and
,
born February 3, baptized

February 10, sponsor Anna Fichtler, servant of James White.



300 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

, Timothy, 13 years old, baptized February 18, sponsor Anna
Fichtler, a slave (or servant) of James White.

Kidd, Anna, ofJohn (P.) and Susanna Kidd, born April 30, 1765, baptized

February 21, sponsors Francis Sohl and Eleanor Karker, at Pikes-

land [Chester Co., Pa.].

Kidd, Francis, of same parents, born August 31, 1767, baptized February
21, sponsors Francis Richard Smith and Apollonia Sohl, ibid.

, Mary, of and Rebecca
,
born September , 1761,

baptized February 25, sponsors George and Catharine Coffa.

Joyce, Anna, of Patrick and Anna Joyce, born February 4, baptized

February 26, sponsors David and Margaret Glancey.
Morrison, Mary, of Philip and Elizabeth Morrison, born February 18,

baptized February 28, sponsors Patrick Neave and Margaret Nihil

[Niel?].

Frederick, George Frederic, ot Philip and Alice Frederick, born Febru-

ary 21, baptized March 5, sponsor Peter Derry, Margaret Hely
witness.

Conely, Anna, of Robert and Anna Conely, born February 19, baptized
March 6, sponsors John Wallace and Eleanor Buttler.

Hussy, Margaret, of William and Eleanor Hussy, born March 4, bap-
tized March n, sponsors Patrick Flanigan and Elizabeth Carroll.

Bodar, William, of Anthony and Barbara Bodar, born March 5, baptized
March 13, sponsors William Dorff and Eleanor More.

Klein, James, ofJames and Elizabeth (P.) Klein, born March 6, baptized
March 13, sponsors Michael and Margaret Sauerwald.

'Thurnbach, Margaret, of Christian and Susanna Catharine Thurnbach,
born December 16, 1767, baptized March 20, sponsors Adam and

Margaret Geiger, at Adam Geiger's [N. J.].

Stehling, Anna Barbara, of John and Mary Magdalen Stehling, born

March 21, baptized March 23, sponsors Joseph and Barbara Wirth.

Haug, Mary Margaret, of George and Margaret Haug, born February 7,

baptized March 24, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magdalen
Lechler.

McCaffrey, (Phila?), of Edward and Sarah McCaffrey, born February 23,

baptized April 2, sponsors Philip and Margaret Campel [Campbell?].

Aman, John Adam, of Anthony and Sarah Aman, born December 8,

1767, baptized April 3, sponsor John Adam Bremich.

Hegner, Catharine, of John and Anna Hegner, born September 19, 1767,

baptized April 3, sponsor John Mayer, witness Gertrude (his wife).

Bremich, Joseph, of and Eva Bremich, born April i, baptized

April 3, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Egg [Eck?].

Bordt, John, of Francis and Catharine Bordt, born February 27, baptized

April 14, sponsors John Ells and Anna Elizabeth Welker, at Ring-
wood [N.J.].

Mentzenbach, Charles Michael, of Nicholas and Helen Mentzenbach,
born February 28, baptized April 16, sponsor John Mayer.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 301

Stalter, Mary Elizabeth, of Nicholas and Elizabeth Stalter, born Febru-

ary 23, baptized October 27, sponsor John Mayer ;
ceremonies sup-

plied; had been baptized privately at Charlottenberg [in New

jersey].
Sullivan, Catharine, of Dennis and Catharine Sullivan, born April 17,

1767, baptized April 17, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Anna Margaret
Reider.

Miller, John and William (twins), of William and Helen Miller, born

April 12, baptized April 24, sponsors Catharine Fox and Elizabeth

Graf.

West, Catharine, of and Elizabeth West, born April 12,

baptized April 24, sponsor Eleanor Hanlon.

Macarty, Anna, of and Margaret Macarty, born April 18,

baptized April 24, sponsor Hannah Ryan.
Veil, Charles Joseph, of Rudolph and Susanna Sibylla Veil, born April

19, baptized April 26, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.

Metzgar, Christina Catharine, of John and Cecilia Metzgar, born Febru-

ary 28, 1766, baptized conditionally April 28, sponsor Catharine
Hoffner.

Haug, William, of John and Catharine Haug, born April 24, baptized
May i, sponsors William and Catharine Buttler.

Kneul, Mary Magdalen, of Balthasar and Christina Elizabeth Kneul,
born April 16, 1767, baptized May i, sponsors George Ernest and

Mary Magdalen Lechler.

Watts, James, of Samuel and Mary Watts, born April 27, baptized May
10, sponsors John Farren and Elizabeth Pierce.

Magill, James, of John and Catharine Magill, born April 21, baptized

May 2
;
bad been baptized privately.

Burns, William, of and Margaret Burns, born May 20,

baptized May 23, sponsors Patrick Neave and Catharine Barry.

Vincent, Cecilia, of Peter and Genevieve Vincent, born May 26, baptized

May 26, sponsors Eustace Daniel and Anna Cierene (?) Vincent.

Scheimer, Mary Magdalen, of Frederic and Mary Magdalen Scheimer,
born March 25, baptized May 29, sponsor Patrick McFall, witness

Elizabeth Bamberger, at Pikesland [Pa.].

McHughin, Anna, of John and Martha McHughin [McCuen?], born

January 10, baptized June 19, sponsors Arthur McHollin and Mary
Roberts, at Adam Geiger's.

Geiger, Catharine Margaret, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born April

6, baptized June 19, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger, ibid.

Caspar, Christina, of Laurence and Margaret Caspar, born June 15,

baptized June 19, sponsors Michael and Hannah Huber, ibid.

Miller, Catharine, baptized conditionally June 24 ;
servant [or slave] of

Tobias Rudolph.
Kelly, Archibald, of and Anna Kelly, born May 17, baptized

June 25, sponsor Margaret Carty.



302 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Neal, William, of William Neal and Catharine Grafford, born June i,

baptized June 25, sponsor Helen Karn.
'

, Flora, adult, baptized July i, sponsor Elizabeth, wife of Timothy
Carroll

;
slave of Timothy Carroll.

Waas, Mary, of Sebastian and Anna Mary Waas, born April 6, 1767,

baptized July 3, sponsors Francis and Mary Agatha Senner.

Boyton, Anna Mary, of Daniel and Sarah Boyton, born September
, 1767, baptized June 18, sponsors Balthasar Gans and Mary

Weiseburger, at Reading Furnace [Chester Co., Pa.].

Schneider, Mary Catharine, of Burchard and Catharine Schneider, born

April 7, baptized June 18, sponsors John Henry Kuentz and Mary
Weiseburger, near the same place.

Anderson, Margaret, of Charles and Joanna Anderson, born June 12,

baptized June 23, sponsor Mary Berd [Baird?].
Hauck, Mary Catharine, of Anthony and Mary Hauck, born July 6,

1767, baptized June 24, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, by
Father Robert Harding.

Metzgar, Joseph, of John and Cecilia Metzgar, born June 30, baptized
June 31, sponsors John and Anna Mary Riih.

Freund, Sebastian, of Stephen and Salome Freund, born August 6,

baptized August 9, sponsors Sebastian and Elizabeth Seibert.

Cullins, James, of William and Mary Cullins, born July 21, baptized
August 13, sponsors Edward Malloy and Catharine Fox.

Remolds, Sarah, of Brod (?) Reinolds and Catharine Coghlin, born July
3, baptized August 13, sponsor Anna Kelty.

Caghagan, James, of Patrick and Sarah Caghagan, born December 24,

1767, baptized August 24, sponsors Charles and Mary Quin.
Otto, Charles Joseph, of James and Mary Ann Otto, born August 21,

baptized August 28, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.

Conley, John, of Thomas and Mary Conley. born August 13, baptized

August 28, sponsors Daniel and Mary Hely.
Veil, Anna Ursula, of Nicholas and Sophia Veil, born August 30, baptized

September 2, sponsors Charles and Catharine Schmid.

Hoffman, Sebastian, of John and Christina Hoffman, baptized Septem-
ber 2, sponsor Sebastian Kehl, by Father Robert Harding.

Graff, John, of Anthony and Barbara Graff, born September i, baptized

September 5, sponsors John Gatringer and Mary Ohara [O'Hara?].
Krapf, James, of Peter and Claudina Krapf, born May 21, baptized Sep-

tember 8, sponsor James le Compte.
Mayer, Gertrude, of Isidore (P.) and Gertrude Mayer, born September

5, baptized September 8, sponsors Peter (for John) Hegner and Ann
Elizabeth Barthman.

Christi, Mary, of Hugh and Catharine Christi, born July 25, baptized

September 8, sponsors Dennis Sullivan and Mary Scantlin.

Dogan, George, of James and Sarah Dogan, born September 6, baptized

September 18, sponsor James Griffin, at Pikesland [Pa.].



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 303

Dealy, William, of Charles and Margaret Dealy, born August 16, baptized

September 22, sponsors Dennis Flood and Catharine Heiky.
Stephenson, Anna, of Stephenson and Mary McClean, born Sep-

tember n, baptized September 22, sponsor Catharine Heiky.
Dogherty, Mary, of Dennis and Margaret Dogherty, born September 22,

baptized September 25, sponsors Patrick Flanigan and Mary O'Hara.

Gock, Adam, of Lawrence and Christina Gock, born August 26, baptized
September 29, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger, at Adam
Geiger's.

Magill, Marchery [Margery?], of James and Joanna Magill, born Sep-
tember 5, baptized September 29, sponsors John Linton and Catha-
rine Kelty.

Makay, Anna, of William and Catharine Makay, born September 30,

baptized October 2, sponsor Catharine McDonald.

Fichter, Joseph, of Philip and Mary Eva Fichter, born September 23,

baptized October 3, sponsors John and Anna Mary Feinauer.

Wood, Henry, of Patrick and Margaret Wood, born September 25, bap-
tized October 4, sponsors Joseph and Barbara Wiirth.

Bell, Elizabeth, adult, baptized October 16.

Tussy, Mary, ofJohn and Joanna Tussy, born March 15, 1762, baptized
October 16, sponsor Mary Haselwood.

Mather, Anna Mary, of Peter and Anna Mather, born September 30,

baptized October 16, sponsor Peter Jones, Margaret Duffy witness.

Migno, John, of Charles and Pelagia Migno, born October 16, baptized
October 16, sponsors John la Viola and Anna Blanchart.

Darmoty, Mary, of Edward and Esther Darmoty, born July 21, 1765,

baptized October 23, sponsors Alexander McConaghy and Mary
Elizabeth Halter, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Darmoty, Barnabas, of same parents, born May 10, 1767, baptized Octo-
ber 23, sponsors Patrick Burk and Mary Catharine Kramer, ibid.

Demuth, Matthew, of James and Anna Catharine Demuth, born Sep-
tember 29, baptized October 23, sponsors Matthew Kramer and

Juliana Miriam, ibid.

Scholtzer, Elizabeth, of Martin and Susanna Scholtzer, born January
19, baptized conditionally October 23 ;

had been baptized by
Nicholas Stalter, an intelligent man, his wife being witness, living at

Charlottenburg [N. J.], the ceremonies afterwards supplied.

Cobole, John James, of John and Catharine Cobole, born October 9,

baptized October 25, sponsors John Mayer and Mary Margaret
Schwable, at Ringwood [N. J.].

Pfaltzer, Anthony Louis, of Eugene and Susanna Pfaltzer,*born Septem-
ber 27, baptized. October 25, sponsors Anthony May and Anna
Catharine Elizabeth Call, Louis Texheimer witness, ibid.

Wohlleben, Mary Sophia, of John and Catharine Wohlleben, born Octo-

ber 20, baptized October 25, sponsors John James and Mary Susanna

Walter, Mary Sophia Schneider witness, ibid.



304 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Harrison, John Anthony, of Samuel (P.jf and Mary Harrison, born Octo-
ber 15, baptized October 26, sponsors John and Hannah Ettinger,
ibid.

Lawless, John, of Martin and Mary Lawless, born May 29, baptized
October 26, sponsor Catharine Elizabeth Call, Michael Schneider

witness, ibid.

Philips, John, of John and Elizabeth Philips, born October 20, baptized
October 30^ sponsors John and Catharine Lederman.

Schnell, Stephen, of Francis and Mary Ann Schnell, born September u,
baptized conditionally November 2, sponsors Stephen Felix and
Elizabeth Probst.

McCann, Benjamin, ofJohn and Margaret McCann, born July 29, baptized
November 6, sponsors Arthur John O'Neil and Elizabeth Blood, at

Concord [Del. Co., Pa.].

Fitzsimmons, Thomas, of Michael and Mary Fitzsimmons, born April 2,

1763, baptized November 14, sponsor Patrick Kearnan.

Blum, Anthony, of Anthony and Barbara Blum, born November 14,

baptized November 19 ;
the record seems to say that Catharine

Weit was sponsor for Joseph Riihl, who was absent; near Philadel-

phia.

Hunecker, Elizabeth, of Mark and Anna Hunecker, born November 22,

baptized November 22, sponsor Catharine Eck, near Philadelphia.

Homes, James, of Emmanuel and Mary Magdalen Homes, born Novem-
ber 20, baptized November 22, sponsors Simon and Mary Magdalen
Haug, by Father Robert Harding.

Rerig, Stephen, of and Sophia Louisa Rerig, born November 18,

baptized November 23, sponsor Stephen Forage.

Buch, Anna Elizabeth, of Joseph Buch and Hannah Ring, born October

22, baptized November 23, sponsor Ann Elizabeth Bartman.

Becker, John, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born December 4,

baptized December 6, sponsors John Becker and Elizabeth Lascher.

O'Brien, Sarah, of Dennis and Frances O'Brien, born January 14, 1767,

baptized December 9, sponsor Catharine Fox.

O'Brien, Henry, of same parents, born August 8, baptized December 9,

sponsor Catharine Fox.

Dunbar, Peter, of Peter Dunbar and Agnes Steling, born December 4,

baptized December 10, sponsors Joseph and Barbara Wiirth.

Schreiner, Elizabeth, of Henry and Sarah Schreiner, born December 7,

baptized December n, sponsors James and Elizabeth Trimm.

Proc, James, of Nicholas and Flora Proc, born October 15, baptized
December u, sponsor Flora, a slave of Timothy Carroll, slaves.

Reynolds, John, of John and Margaret Reynolds, born November 14,

baptized December 12, sponsors Charles Ganderin (represented

by the priest) and Winifred Theresa David.

Haug, Joseph, of Simon and Magdalen Haug, born December 10, bap-
tized December 18, sponsors Frederic and Elizabeth Graser.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 305

Sauerwald, John Patrick, of John and Magdalen Sauerwald, born De-
cember 17, baptized December 22, sponsors Patrick Travers and
Anna Fichtler.

Schad, Mary Agnes, of Peter and Mary Elizabeth Schad, born October

21, baptized December 26, sponsors John and Mary Agnes Heisser.

Gallagher, Anna, of John and Anna Gallagher, born December 13, bap-
tized December 31, sponsors William Gallagher and Mary Hair (for

Mary Murphy), in Chester County [Pa.].

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and fifteen.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1769.

Ryan, Deborah, of Thomas and Catharine Ryan, born December 17,

1768, baptized January 2, sponsors Thomas States and Deborah

Patton, in Chester County [Pa.].

Bird, Margaret, ofJonathan (P.) and Mary Bird, born December 10, 1768,

baptized January 3, sponsors Thomas and Anna King.

Sener, John, of Francis and Mary Sener, born January i, baptized Janu-
ary 4, sponsor John Rudolph, Mary Margaret Rudolph witness.

Bridy, Edward, of John and Dorothy Bridy, born November 15, 1768,

baptized January 12, sponsor Elizabeth Murray.
Cahill, John, of John and Catharine Cahill, born December 28, 1768,

baptized January 15, sponsors Thomas Badge and Margaret Vealan.

Burns, Catharine, of Edward and Elizabeth Burns, born January 25,

baptized January 27, sponsors Peter Gallagher and Agnes Arnold.

O'Donel, Mary Catharine, of Hugh and Rosa O'Donel, born January 27,

baptized February 2, sponsors Anthony Graffand Catharine Spengler.

Doyle, George, of James and Mary Christina Doyle, born January 29,

baptized February 4, sponsors Peter and Anna Mary Weister.

Purcel, Eleanor, of and Elizabeth Purcel, born November 27,

1768, baptized February 4, sponsor Eleanor Brunnen, Robert

Taylor witness.

Schreiner, Elizabeth, of Cornelius and Elizabeth Schreiner, born Febru-

ary 3, baptized February 4, sponsors Lothaire and Elizabeth

Rischart.

Griffin, James, of Thomas and Joanna Griffin, born February i, baptized
February 19, sponsors James Hickey and Eleanor Karker.

Wertmayer, Ann Eva, ofJohn and Ottillia Wertmayer, born February 23,

baptized February 27, sponsors John and Eva Miller.

Ottenauer, Regina Catharine, of Henry and Elizabeth Ottenauer, born

January 14, baptized February 28, sponsors Anthony Reniger and

Regina Catharine Nagel.
Cassin, Dennis, ofJoseph and Elizabeth Cassin, born February 30, bap-

tized March 2, sponsors John Maloney and Elizabeth Cassin.

Rischer, William, of and Mary Rischer, born February 15,

baptized March 6, sponsor Catharine Fox.



306 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Maglaghlin, James, of James and Mary Maglaghlin, born March u, bap-
tized March n, sponsor Catharine Fox.

Brown, Margaret, of Brown and Margaret Harris, born about

August, 1768, baptized March u, sponsor Catharine Fox.

Franks, Catharine, of Samuel and Elizabeth Franks, born January 23,

baptized March n, sponsor Catharine Fox.

Bradford, Mary, of Thomas (P.) and Anna Bradford, born December 5,

baptized March 17, sponsor Catharine Fox.

Hueber, Laurence, of Michael and Hannah Hueber, born October 13,

1768, baptized March 19, sponsors Laurence and Christina Gock, at

Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Miller, Anna Mary, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born August 26,

1768, baptized March 19, sponsors Laurence and Margaret Caspar,
ibid.

Glancy, Thomas and William (twins), of William and Elizabeth Clancy,
born November i, 1768, baptized March 19, sponsors Eleanor Conor

(for William) and Mary Langley (for Thomas), ibid.

Ernstdorf, Barbara, of Henry (P.) and Elizabeth Ernstdorf, born March

8, baptized March 21, sponsors Henry and Barbara Geiger, ibid.

Morrey, John, of Patrick and Margaret Morrey, born July 21, 1768, bap-
tized March 22, sponsors James and Catharine McCormic.

Harkins, Rosa, of William and Eleanor Harkins, born March 19, baptized
March 26, sponsor Joanna Nicols, witness John Madden.

Caugemy (?), Peter Caspar, of Peter and Dorothy Caugemy (?), born
March 22, baptized March 26, sponsors Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle.

Davis, Susanna, of Edward Davis and Anna Donohi, born March n,
baptized March 26, sponsors S Riddle and Anna Power.

Flemming, John, of Thomas and Mary Flemming, born March 22, bap-
tized March 26, sponsor Elizabeth M ey (?).

[NOTE. Here can barely be traced remnants of letters of one or two

baptisms. The edges at the bottom of the page are quite worn off.]

Tattles, Elizabeth, of - - Tattles and Anna
,
born August i,

1768, baptized April i, sponsor Ottilia Schweiberin, by Father Luke
Geisler.

Reading, Joseph, ofJohn and Margaret Reading, born February , bap-
tized April i, sponsors Henry Hughes and Catharine Foh (?).

Holtzhauser, Theodore, of Theodore and Christina (P.) Holtzhauser,
born April , baptized April 16, sponsors William Dorff and Cath-

arine Hon (?), by Father Luke Geisler.

Herts, Joseph, of John and Barbara Herts, born April 14, baptized April

18, sponsor Joseph Riibel, by Rev. Luke Geisler.

Bachman, Mary Barbara, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born

April 6, baptized April 15, sponsors Nicholas Jungfleisch and Barbara

Her (?), at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Schott, John Peter, of Philip and Mary Catharine Schott, born December



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 307

6, 1768, baptized April 15, sponsors Peter Walker and Ann Eva
Jungfteisch, ibid.; ceremonies supplied.

Strack, Henry Philip, of William and Ann Elizabeth Strack, born De-
cember 29, 1768, baptized April 16, sponsors Philip and Ann Eliza-

beth Fichter, at Ringwood [N. J.].

Ettinger, Ann Elizabeth, of John (P.) and Hannah Ettinger, born March
27, baptized April 16, sponsors John and Elizabeth Ditz, ibid.

;
cere-

monies supplied.

, Hannah, of Philip and Catharine
,
born April 3, baptized

April 23, sponsors John and Eva Hoeffner.

Lynch, Catharine, ofJeremiah and Elizabeth Lynch, born April 10, bap-
tized April 23, sponsors Michael Ryan and Catharine Readall.

Pulfred, Joseph, of Thomas and Pulfred, baptized, by Rev. Luke
Geisler, April 29.

Finey, Susanna, ofJohn and Mary Finey, baptized, by the same, April 30,

sponsor Cormack Donaghy.
Shiney, Catharine, of Laurence and Mary Magdalen Shiney, born April

30, baptized, by the same, May 3, sponsors Anthony and Barbara
Graff.

Tims, Eleanor, of Henry and Anna Tims, born March 15, baptized

April 30, sponsors Patrick McFalls and Catharine McDonald, at

Pikesland [Pa.].

Walter, James, of James and Francis Walter, born November 20, 1768,

baptized April 30, sponsors James and Anna Mary Weisenburger,
ibid.

Griffin, Eleanor, of James and Elizabeth Griffin, born April 9, baptized

April 30, sponsors James Hickey and Magdalen Hanley, ibid.

Hedinger, Mary Margaret, of John and Magdalen Hedinger, born April

2, baptized May 4, sponsor Margaret Butz, by Rev. Luke Geisler.

Gilgare, John, of George and Prudence Gilgare, born April 4, baptized

May 7, sponsors Michael and Joanna Robinson.

Sauerwald, Margaret, of Michael and Margaret Sauerwald, born April 8,

baptized May 8, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Barrett, George, adult and servant, baptized May n, his wife acted as

godmother.
Linn, Bridget, of George and Loeta Linn, born March 17, 1768, baptized

May 15, sponsor Mary Holland.

Campbell, Rosina, of C - and Barbara Campbell, born March 21,

1768, baptized May 18, sponsors John Harkins and Catharine Tolly.

Spath, John, of John and Margaret Spath, born May 14, baptized May
21, sponsors John and Catharine Wagner.

Mannin, Walter, of Peter and Eleanor Mannin, born May 24, baptized

May 29, sponsors James White and Malony.

Bauer, John Leonard, of George and Christina Bauer, born February 24,

baptized June 3, sponsors Leonard and Mary Ann Lascher.



308 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Donaughey, John, of Cormack and Elizabeth Donaughey, born May 6,

baptized June 4, sponsors John Robinson and Margaret Harkins.

Harvey, James, ofJames and Hannah Harvey, born March 12, baptized

June 4, sponsors Owen and Susanna Glancy.
Mahan, John, ofJeremiah and Judith Mahan, born May n, baptized June

4, sponsors James Robinson and Sarah Gromley.
Zeis, Anna Margaret, of George and Eva Zeis, born May 30, baptized

June 4, sponsor Anna Margaret Wolf.

Hoffner, Mary Magdalen, of Peter and E Hoffner, baptized June
n, sponsors Michael and Margaret Sauerwald.

[NOTE. The register for the months of July, August, September and
October is missing.]

Mannin, Joseph, of and Catharine Mannin, born October 14, bap-
tized November 5, sponsor Bridget Archdeacon.

Tscharte, John Adam, of Christopher and Mary Dorothy (P) Tscharte,
born October 25, baptized November 5, sponsors Adam and Mary
Poth.

Gock, Anna Christina, of Adam and Mary Gock, born October 30, bap-
tized November 5, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Holt, Sampson, of Abel and Mary Holt, born February 8, baptized
November 6, sponsors William Gallagher and Mary Farrell.

Crowley, Eleanor, of David and Mary Crowley, born March 6, baptized
November 12, sponsors Christopher Fitzpatrick and Anna Christi

[Christy?].

Caldwell, Daniel, of Patrick and Caldwell, born 176 , baptized
November 14, sponsor Dennis Fowlon.

Magill, Bridget, ofJohn and Catharine Magill, born October 15, baptized
November 16, sponsors Patrick McLaughlin and Joanna Magill, at

Adam Geiger's [N. }.].

Kessler, Anna Mary, of Andrew and Catharine Kessler, born September
24, baptized November 28, sponsor Frederica Catharine Schalus,
while returning home.

Reichman, Anna Mary Magdalen, of John and Mary Reichman, born

July 22, 1767, baptized November 29, sponsors Matthew and Joanna
Benner.

Reichman, Anna Mary Elizabeth, of same parents, born April 20, bap-
tized November 29, sponsors Martin Benner and Elizabeth Brown.

Bell, Mary, of Alexander and Mary Bell, adult, baptized December i,

sponsor Anna Kling.

O'Neill, Hannah, of Arthur and Mary O'Neill, born November 6, bap-
tized December 3, sponsors John Davelin and Elizabeth Blood, in

Concord [Pa.].

, Thomas, of and Hannah
,
born Nov. 9, baptized

December 12, sponsor Anna Fichtel; the mother was a slave of

James White.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 309

Christman, Mary Catharine, of Francis and Mary Elizabeth Christman,
born November 12, baptized December 17, sponsors Charles and
Mary Catharine Christman.

Mignot, Francis, of Daniel and Mary Mignot, born November 6, baptized
December 17, sponsor Francis Vollin.

Hughson, Alice, of Thomas and Catharine Hughson, born November
17, baptized December 24, sponsor Elizabeth Gross.

Gleason, Mary, of Robert and Joanna Gleason, born January 12, 1766,

baptized December 25, sponsors John Hardnut and Hannah Hamp-
ton.'

Miller, Antony, of John and Eva Miller, born November 22, baptized
December 26, sponsors Anthony Graff and Elizabeth Hegner.

Reichart, Anna Mary, of Joseph and Mary Apollonia Reichart, born

July 4, 1767, baptized December 27, sponsors John and Gertrude
Stanton.

Reichart, John, of same parents, born October 14, baptized December
27, same sponsors.

Rediger, John, of Anthony and Mary Anna Rediger, born December 26,

baptized December 27, sponsors John and Margaret Rediger.
Lariole, Mary, of John and Anna Lariole, born December 30, baptized

December 30, sponsors Emanuel and Mary Ohms.
Maddon, Mary, of John (P.) and Elizabeth Maddon, born December 25,

baptized December 31, sponsors Matthew and Mary Gatringer.
Whole number of baptisms eighty-two.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1770.

Aigan [Egan?], Mary, of John and Margaret Aigan [Egan?], born
December n, 1769, baptised January i, sponsors Nicholas Bernard
and Mary Gatringer.

Hall, Elizabeth, of Dennis and Frances Hall, born December 31, 1769,

baptized conditionally, January 5.

, Caesar, servant of Thomas Wilcox, adult, baptized Junuary 10,

sponsor Mark Wilcox, in Chester Co. [Pa.].

Leblanc, Susanna, of Henry and Mary Leblanc, born December 10,

1769, baptized January 14, sponsors John Lehy and Anna Leblanc.

Bray, William, of George and Susanna Bray, born January 2, baptized

January 18, sponsors Joseph Cassin and Elizabeth Caroll.

Bray, Sarah and Susanna, of same parents, adults, baptized January 18,

same sponsors.

Tudor, Henry, of Henry (P.) and Eva Catharine Tudor, born December
21, 1769, baptized January 24, sponsors Caspar and Elizabeth Nagle,
near Philadelphia.

Essling, John George, of Peter and Mary Essling, born January 20,

baptized January 30, sponsor Ann Mary Gross.



3IO AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Savage, Margaret, of Jeremiah and Anna Savage, born January 29, bap-
tized January 30, sponsors Timothy Caroll and Elizabeth Cassin.

Graff, Catharine, ofAnthony and Barbara Graff, born January 29, baptized

January 31, sponsors Timothy Caroll and Mary O'Haia (for Catha-
rine Spengler).

Rischart, Mark, of Lothaire and Elizabeth Rischart, born January 31,

baptized February 3, sponsors Mark Hunecker and Catharine, his

daughter.

Kehl, John Christopher, of Sebastian and Catharine Kehl, born January
27, baptized February 4, sponsors Christopher and Mary Dorothy
Tscharte.

Babin, John Baptist, of Simon and Anna (Trahan) Babin, born February
6, baptized conditionally, February 8, sponsors Francis Vallin and

Margaret Trahan.

Keas, James, of James and Sarah Keas, born March 24, 1767, baptized

conditionally, February 9.

Keas, Thomas, of same parents, born May 8, 1769, baptized February 9.

Honig, Mary Magdalen, of Jacob and Catharine Honig, born February
14, baptized February 25, sponsors George Kohl and Catharine

Grieser, at Haycock [Bucks Co., Pa.].

Leblanc, Isabel Josephine, of Daniel and Margaret (Babin) Leblanc,
born March IT, baptized March u, sponsors Charles Leblanc and

Josephine Deroit.

Colaghan, John, of John Colaghan and Ann Murphy, born February 3,

baptized March 12, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Campbell, Sarah, ofJames and Elizabeth Campbell, adult, baptized con-

ditionally, March 13, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Levy, Hannah, of Daniel Levy and Eleanor Fitzgerald, born March 5,

baptized March 25, sponsors Michael Dorey and Elizabeth Burns.

Connelly, John, of Laurence Connelly and Anna Roanny, born March 10,

baptized March 31, sponsors Thomas and Catharine Ryan, in Ches-
ter Co. [Pa.].

Worrell, Hannah, of Josue Worrell and Eleanor Tenson, born Novem-
ber 5, 1768, baptized April i, sponsors Arthur O'Neil and Judith

Wills, ibid.

, Ruth, of Sylvester and Margaret ,
born March 5, baptized

April i, sponsor Deborah Sutton, ibid.; were servants or slaves of

Thomas Wilcox.

Hoy, Mary, ofJohn and Catharine Hoy, born August 17, 1768, baptized

April 13, sponsors John Scot and Mary Barbara Harmon.

Ryan, Louis, of Dennis and Agnes Ryan, born November 24, 1769, bap-
tized April 14, sponsor John Bray.

Stephen, John, of Matthew and Catharine Stephen, born March 24, bap-
tized April 16, sponsors John Dart and Catharine Wagner.

[Badge?], Frances, baptized conditionally, April 22.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 311

Wiirth, John Andrew, of Joseph and Barbara Wiirth, born April 17, bap-
tized April 22, sponsors Michael Bremich and wife for Andrew
and Catharine Kessler.

Brown, George, of John and Mary Brown, born November
, 1765, bap-

tized April 29, sponsors William Fitzgerald and Catharine Fowler,
at Charlottenberg [N. J.].

Rice, John, ofJames and Esther Rice, born November 30, 1769, baptized
April 29, sponsors Thomas Price and Elizabeth Campbel, ibid.

Sutton, Mary Margaret, of William and Anna Sutton, born December
26, 1769, baptized April 29, sponsors Margaret Engelhardt and

Henry Glas, ibid.

Aussom, Henry, of John and Ann Elizabeth Aussom, born October 4,

1769, baptized conditionally, May i, sponsors William Butz and Catha-
rine Walke, at Ringwood [N. J.].

Bussy, Judith, of Moses and Elizabeth Catharine Bussy, born April 30,

baptized May 6, sponsors John Lehey and Eleanor Noonan.

Christy, Catharine, of Martin and Hannah Christy, born May 3, baptized
May 6, sponsors Andrew McClone and Mary Finney.

Paris, John and Eleanor (twins), of Bernard and Hannah Faris, born

April 15, baptized May 7, sponsor Patrick Lanagan.
Rattisheim. Mary Ann Elizabeth, of John and Catharine Rattisheim,

born December 29, 1769, baptized April 13, sponsors Philip Will

and Mary Ann Rbth.

Schilling, John Philip, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born April 25, bap-
tized May 14, sponsors John Schrieber and Catharine, his wife.

McHughin, Mary, of John and Martha McHughin, born April 9, bap-
tized May 24, sponsors James Bennet and Margaret Deleany, at

Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Caspar, Adam, of Lawrence and Margaret Caspar, born February 8,

baptized May 24, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger, ibid.

Thurnbach, Simon, of Christian and Susanna Catharine Thurnbach, born

May 6, baptized May 24, sponsors Simon and Mary Geiger.

Garrety? Catharine, of Richard and Anna Garrety, born May i, baptized
May 27, sponsors Bernard Faris and Anna Land.

Fullon, Patrick, of Daniel and Mary Fullon, born May n, baptized May
27, sponsors Dennis Sullivan and Eleanor Green, by Rev. Robert

Harding.
Dartoit, Anna, of Bonaventure and Venanda Dartoit, born May 18,;; bap-

tized May 20, sponsors Peter Savoy, Jr., and Anna Brau, by the
same.

[Cloverin?], Mary, adult, baptized June 7, sponsor Mary Queen.
Hewson, Anna Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth Hewson, ,born June

19, baptized June 24, sponsors Nicholas Cappel and Anna Hewson.
Kagan, Rachael, of Brian and Susanna Kagan, adult, baptized June 28,

sponsors John and Rebecca Connelly.



312 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Seid, John, of and Catharine (P.) Seid, born this year,

baptized June 28.

Montgomery, Deborah, ofJohn (P.) and Mary Montgomery, born March
3, baptized July i, sponsors Mark Wilcox and Deborah Sutton, at

Concord, [Pa.].

Mignot, Mary Josephine, of Charles and Pelagia (Galerm) Mignot, born

July 3, baptized July 3, sponsors Bonaventure Dartoit and Anna
O'Kain (Kandry).

Campbel, Elizabeth, ofJames and Elizabeth Campbel, 8 years old, bap-
tized July 6, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Lederman, Mary Elizabeth, of John and Mary Catharine Lederman,
born June 27, baptized July 8, sponsors John and Mary Elizabeth

Philips.

Kean, Mary, of Francis and Bridget Kean, born June 25, baptized
privately, July 8.

Harvey, Susanna, of Job and Elizabeth Harvey, 13 years old, baptized

July 9, sponsor the priest, in default of any one else.

Haynes, John, of Philip and Elizabeth Haynes, born June 25, baptized

July 21, sponsor Anna Hethorn (Kelty).

Hethorn, Daniel, of Archibald and Anna Hethorn, born July 18, baptized

July 21, sponsor Elizabeth Haynes.
Bray, Mary Anna, of John and Judith Bray, born July 18, baptized July

22, sponsors Dennis Foulon and Margaret Morrey.

, Richard, baptized privately August 8.

Keanan, William, of John and Elizabeth Keanan, born about 1766, bap-
tized August 8, sponsors Patrick and Elizabeth Keanan, witnesses

David Barry and Thomas Flemming.
Staler, Joseph, of John and Christina Staler, born July 22, baptized

August 12, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Musson, Sarah (P.), infant, baptized privately August 12.

McLaughlin, William, of John and Margaret McLaughlin, born August
5, baptized August 13, sponsors Matthew Felding and Leah Jones.

Mahaney, Daniel, of Jeremiah Mahaney and Judith Fitzsimons, born

August ir, baptized August 16, sponsor Eleanor Doyle.

Griffin, Mary, of Thomas and Joanna Griffin, born June 27, baptized

August 19, sponsors Patrick McFall and Hickey, at Pikes-

land [Chester Co., Pa.].

Hedingder, Mary Magdalen, of John and Mary Magdalen Hedingder,
born August 26, baptized August 31, sponsors George Ernest and

Mary Magdalen Lechler.

Schneider, Mary Magdalen, of Henry and Barbara (P.) Schneider, born

August 8, baptized August 9, same sponsors.

Schimp, Ann Elizabeth, of Philip and Elizabeth (P.) Schimp, born

August 9, baptized August 16. sponsors Peter and Elizabath Haas.

Barry, Margaret, of Edmund and Eleanor Barry, born July n, 1769, bap-
tized September 29, sponsors Nicholas and Catharine Tuit.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 313

Kean, Thomas, of Francis and Eleanor Kean, born October 26, 1758,

baptized September 30, sponsors Francis and Apollonia Sohl, at

Pikesland [Pa.].'

Kean, Margaret, of same parents, born January u, 1761, baptized Sep-
tember 30, sponsors James Griffin and Sarah Sohl, ibid.

Patterson, Mary, of John and Mary Patterson, born June 3, baptized Sep-
tember 30, sponsors James and Joanna Griffin, ibid.

Scheimer, James, of Frederic and Magdalen Scheimer, born September
, baptized October i, sponsor John George Adla, in Chester Co.,

[Pa.].

McFall, Margaret, of Patrick McFall and Elizabeth Bamberger (P.), born

July 5, baptized October i, sponsor Frederic Scheimer, his wife

witness, ibid.

, Martha, of Sebastian and Anna Mary ,
born August 27,

baptized October 10, sponsors Philip Branon and Martha McHenry.
Walton, Elizabeth, of John (P.) and Sarah Walton, born November 3,

1769, baptized October 12, sponsor Honora Fitzsimmons.

Reilly, John, of Jeremiah and Anna Reilly, born September 7, baptized
October 14, sponsors Timothy Reilly and Joanna Nicols.

Pemberton, William, of William Pemberton (P. ) and Bridget Fraser,
born October 14, baptized October 16, sponsor Mary Bird.

Macarty, John, of John and Mary Macarty, born August 16, baptized
October 18, sponsors James Lecomte and Anna Bijan.

Lewis, Mary, of Manuel and Margaret Lewis, born September 30, bap-
tized October 21, sponsors Anthony Martin and Mary Homes, by
Rev. Hattersky.

, Mary, baptized conditionally October 22, sponsor Catharine

Keasy ;
was the wife of Patrick Gallagher.

Muney, [Mooney?] Mary, of Neal and Mary Muney, born January 17,

baptized October 26' sponsors John Lery and Dorothy Connor.
S merwald, Mark, of John and Magdalen Sauerwald, born October 22,

baptized October 28, Mark and Apollonia Wegford witnesses.

Landry, Margaret, of Anthony Landry and Barbara Leblanc, born Octo-
ber 29, baptized October 29, sponsors Charles Braw and Margaret
Bijan.

Keanan, John, of Robert and Martha Keanan, born October 28, bap-
tized October 29, sponsor Mary Kennedy.

Sexton, Daniel, of John and Catharine Sexton, born December i, 1767,

baptized October 30, sponsor Barbara Grass.

Sexton, Matthew, of same parents, born September 18, baptized October

30, sponsor Barbara Schultz.

Anderson, Hugh, of Charles and Joanna Anderson, born October 27,

baptized October 30, sponsor Bridget Fraser.

Gock, Matthew, of Laurence and Christina Gock, born September 27,

baptized November i, sponsors Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, at

Adam Geiger's.



314 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Miller, Laurence, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born October 2,

baptized November i, sponsors Laurence and Christina Gock, ibid.

Harrison, Mary, of Lancelot and Joanna Harrison, born September
25, baptized November 4, sponsors William Nunan and Margaret
Kallahan.

Hayes, Anna, wife of John Hayes, baptized November 9, sponsor Anna
Glingham.

Forest, Robert, of James and Margaret Forest, born October 25, bap-
tized November n, sponsors Michael Green and Margaret Veal.

Ridiger, Julia and Margaret (twins), of John and Mary Ridiger, born

,
November n, baptized November n, sponsors John and Ottilia

Vanie for Julia, Anton Ridiger, Sebastian Vanie and Margaret Vanie
for Margaret.

Mitchell, Rachel, adult, baptized November 10, sponsor Christina

Mullabi.

Weber, John, of James and Anna Catharine Weber, born October 28,

baptized November 18, sponsors John and Anna Catharine Cobole,
at Ringwood [N. J.].

Wider, John, of Joseph and Margaret Wider, born August , baptized
November 18, sponsors John Cobole and Eva Fichter, ibid.

Murphy, Martin, of Richard and Mary Murphy, born November 15, bap-
tized November 18, sponsor Mary Susanna Walter, witness John
Folk, ibid.

Butz, John Joseph, of William and Mary Magdalen Butz, born May 6,

baptized November 18, sponsors John Mayer and Anna Catharine

Cobole, ibid.

Wohlleber, Susanna Margaret, of James and Catharine Wohlleber, born
October 17, baptized November 18, sponsors Joseph Stecher and
Susanna Pfaltzer, witness Nicholas Call, ibid.

Call, Mary Eva, of John Nicholas and Anna Margaret Call, born August
3, baptized November 19, sponsors Philip and Eva Fichter, ibid.

Conrad, Henry Frederic, of Nicholas (P.) and Mary Conrad, born
November 3, baptized November 19, ceremonies supplied, ibid.

Schot, Mary Magdalen, of Philip and Mary Catharine Schot, born Sep-
tember 30, baptized November 21, sponsors Martin Bachman and

Magdalen Welker, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Cobole, Anna Barbara, of Daniel and Mary Ann Cobole, born Septem-
ber 5, baptized November 21, sponsors Bartholomew Cobole and
Catharine Welker, ibid.

Kean, Anna Eva, of William and Eleanor Kean, born June , baptized
November 22, sponsors James Brown and Eva Jungfleisch, ibid.

Butz, Anthony James, of Christian and Catharine (P ) Butz, born No-
vember 20, baptized November 25, sponsors Anthony Schumers and
Barbara Bachman, ibid.

Tscharte, Mary Elizabeth, of Christopher and Mary Dorothy Tscharte,



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 315

born November 22, baptized December 2, sponsors Sebastian and
Elizabeth Seibert.

Hayle, Elizabeth, of Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle, born December 4,

baptized December 6, sponsors James and Elizabeth Klein.

Farron, Catharine, of Thomas and Dorothy Mary Farron, born October

24, baptized December 10, sponsors Andrew and Catharine Kessler.

Dionellos, Airis [?], of Alvaro and Susanna Dionellos, born October 22,

baptized December 23, sponsors Alfred and Frances Clifton.

Schad, Francis Joseph, of Peter and Mary Elizabeth Schad, born Octo-
ber 24, baptized December 26, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Lechler, John, of Anthony and Catharine Lechler, born December 22,

baptized December 26, sponsors John Lipp and Magdalen Mayer.
Barry, Elizabeth, of David and Mary Barry, born July 3, baptized

December 30, sponsors John and Nickel.

Lynch, Thomas, of Jeremiah and Elizabeth Lynch, born December 21,

baptized December 30, sponsors John Brunan and Mary McCan.
Whole number of baptisms one hundred and fifteen.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1771.

Laride, Anna Margaret, ofJohn and Anna Laride, born January i, bap-
tized January i, sponsors Madalino Lequeal (?) and Mary Vincent.

Reuter, Margaret, of and Apollonia Reuter, born December 17,

1770, baptized January 2, sponsor Margaret Spath.

Mahanny, Samuel (a mullatto), of and Catharine Mahanny,
born December 10, 1770, baptized January 2, sponsor Mary Bird.

Lennox, John, of John and Margaret Lennox, born December 10, 1770,

baptized January 6, sponsors Patrick and Elizabeth Hogan.
Cook, Elizabeth, of Laurence and Catharine Cook, born January 8, bap-

tized January 9, sponsors Dennis Foulon and Elizabeth Carrol.

Byron, Bartholomew, of William and Lydia Byron, born January 4, bap-
tized January 13, sponsor Thomas Burk, Parnell Humphry White
witness.

Albrecht, John Adam, ofJames and Anna Mary Albrecht, born January
13, baptized January 14, sponsors Adam and Mary Gock.

Buttler, Thomas, of Matthew and Sarah Buttler, born January u, bap-
tized January 27, sponsors Edmund McDonald and Susanna

Kearney.
McDermott, Honora Mary, of Dennis and Mary McDermott, born Jan-

uary 21, baptized January 27, sponsors George Coffee and Mary
Theresa David.

Sylvester, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Margaret Sylvester, born January
27, baptized January 31, sponsors John Joseph and Anna .

Kientz, Joseph, of Joseph and Catharine Kientz, born January 15, bap-
tized February 3, sponsors Joseph and Mary Apollonia Reichart.



316 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Ryan, Michael, of John and Margaret Ryan, born February 10, baptized
February 12, sponsors Timothy Carrol and Catharine Casey.

Ring, Mary Magdalen, of John (P.) and Mary Ring, born October
,

1766, baptized February 15, sponsor Mary Magdalen Lohrman.

Griffin, Francis, of James and Elizabeth Griffin, born January 29, bap-
tized February 17, sponsors Francis and Sarah Sohl, at Pikes-

land [Chester Co., Pa.].

Watts, Christian, of Samuel and Mary Watts, born February 21, bap-
tized February 25, sponsors Edward Hines and Margaret Mullabi.

Schreiner, Joseph, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born February
24, baptized March 3, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Mannota, Bonaventure, of Ferdinand and Catharine Mannota, born Jan-

uary 25, baptized March n, sponsors Bonaventure and Venanda
Dartoit.

Huber, Michael, of Michael and Hannah Huber, born December i, 1770,

baptized March 17, sponsors Joseph and Regina Mayer, at Piles-

grove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Haider, David, of Peter and Dorothy (P.) Haider, born February 3, bap-
tized March 18, sponsor Henry Geiger, at the glass house.

Veit, Mary Magdalen, of Christian and Barbara Veit, born March 15,

baptized March 24, sponsors Caspar and Anna Mary Korn.

Schmid, John, of Patrick and Mary Schmid, born January 29, baptized
March 31, sponsors Daniel Fitzpatrick and Eleanor Prior.

Connor, Michael, of Michael and Rosa Connor, born September 17, 1770,

baptized April 7, sponsors Timothy and Mary Connor.

Connor, Thomas, of Timothy and Mary Connor, born August, 1770,

baptized April 7, sponsors Michael and Rosa Connor.

McDonald, Mary, of Edmund and Margaret McDonald, born March 22,

baptized April 7, sponsors Matthew and Rachel Bremich.

Charmelin, Rosanna, of John and Mary Margaret Charmelin. born April

10, 1761, baptized April 10, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Wochman,
at Nicholas Wochman's.

Brown, Ann Elizabeth, of William (P.) and Margaret Brown, born May
23, 1770, baptized April 10, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Wochman,
ibid.

t
, o

Sauerwald, Daniel, of Michael and Margaret Sauerwald, born April 13,

baptized April 14, sponsors John Sauerwald and Catharine Schmid.

Brown, Margaret, of James and Grace Brown, born March 27, baptized

April 20, sponsors James Brown and Grace McDead, at Charlotten-

burg [N. J:].

Harris, Elizabeth, of Samuel Harris and Joice, born March 31,

1767, baptized April 21, sponsors Philip McDead and Grace Brown,
ibid.

Harris, Samuel, of same parents, born May 9, 1769, baptized April 21,

sponsors Philip McDead and Grace Brown, ibid.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 317

Barr, Mary Ann, of George and Catharine Barr, born December 23,

1770, baptized April 21, sponsors Hugh Dougherty and Margaret
Engelhardt, ibid.

Fichter, John Nicholas, of Philip and Mary Eva Fichter, born April 14,

baptized April 23, sponsors Nicholas Call and Margaret Wider, at

Ringwood [N. J.].

Alderman, Peter, of Peter and Mary Alderman, born March 22, bap-
tized April 21, sponsors William and Mary Smith, by Rev. Luke
Geisler.

McCan, John, of Gabriel and Mary McCan, born April 21, baptized

April 22, sponsors John Staler and Margaret Wilcox, by the same.

Gock, Paul, of Adam and Mary Gock, born February 14, baptized Feb-

ruary 18, sponsors Paul and Anna Christina Essling, by Rev. Robert

Harding.
Haas, Mary Martha, of Peter and Elizabeth Haas, born March 27, bap-

tized April 28, sponsors Adam and Martha Poth.

Beats, Mary, of and Mary Beats, about 3 years old, baptized

April 29, privately.

Smith, Amy [Amata?], of and Elizabeth Smith, born J.anuary i,

baptized May i, sponsor Mary Heart.

, Charlotte, born about January 10, baptized May i, sponsor Mary
Heart.

Honeiker, Barbara, of Mark and Christina Honeiker, born May i, bap-
tized May 5, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graf.

Hennings, Henrietta, of Benjamin and Mary Hennings, born February
28, baptized April 12, sponsors John Lehy and Phcebe Pendercrast.

, Margaret, adult negro, baptized April 22, sponsor Anna
,

a negro, and formerly a slave of N. Meredith (Catholic).

Gallagher, Andrew, of John and Anna Gallagher, born March 30, bap-
tized May 23, sponsors Andrew Gallagher and Elizabeth England,
at Chester [Pa.].

Trahan, Mary Margaret, of Charles and Agnes Trahan, born May 30,

baptized May 31, sponsors Joseph Trahan and Anna Bijan.

Mayer, Mary Margaret, of Joseph (P.) and Gertrude Mayer, born June
3, baptized June 5, sponsor Tobias Rudolph, Margaret Rudolph
witness.

Klein, Frederica Catharine, of James and Elizabeth Klein, born June 5,

baptized June 9, sponsors Anthony Frederic Graff and Catharine
Schalus.

Welte, George Philip, of Bernard and Mary Welte, born May 29, bap-
tized June 9, sponsors George Philip Kitzinger and Mary Zeigler.

Senner, Barbara, of Francis and Mary Agatha Senner, born June 5, bap-
tized June 10, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Becker, Peter, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born June 4, bap-
tized June 10, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Hegner.



318 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Shanon, James, of Quintin (P.) and MaryShanon, born June 8, baptized

June 20, sponsor Peter Haire.

Holt, Anna Theresa, of Abel and Mary Holt, born June 17, baptized

June 22, sponsor Lydia Morland.

Mackey, Thomas, of N N and Catharine Mackey, born June 22,

baptized June 25, sponsor Mary Heart.

Babin, Anna Margaret, of Simon and Anna (Trahan) Babin, born July
6, baptized July 6, sponsors Patrick O'Kain and Margaret Bourg.

Andrew, born March , baptized July 13, sponsor Anna Kelty
(the child's nurse).

Magill, Sarah, of James and Joanna Magill, born June 5, baptized July
16, sponsor Anna Boyd.

Connor, Eleanor, of David and Mary Connor, born July n, baptized

July 21, sponsors Patrick Connor and Mary Hughs.
, Mary, of Nicholas and Flora (negroes), born June 9, bap-

tized July 21, sponsor Flora (a slave of Timothy Carroll).

Arachar, Mary Anna, of Louis and Mary Ann (Medec) Arachar, born

July 23, baptized July 24, sponsors John Baptist Hubert la Croix and
Anna Blanchard.

O'Hara, Catharine, of and Catharine O'Hara, born July 25, bap-
tized July 27, sponsor Elizabeth Laller.

McCauley, Hugh, of John and Margaret McCauley, born July 14, bap-
tized July 28, sponsors John Nowlan and Margaret Veal.

Lery, Cornelius and Henry (twins), of Daniel and Mary Lery, born July
28, baptized July 28, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Carrell.

Kramp, Anna, of Valentine and Ottilia Kramp, born July 29, baptized

July 30, sponsors Leonard Bremich and Anna Klein.

Henley, Timothy, of Thomas and Rachel Henley, born July 28, baptized

July 30, sponsors Peter Byrne and Margaret Conely.

McCarry, William, of J and Margaret McCarry, born April i, bap-
tized August 5, sponsors John Arthur O'Neil and Prudence Wilcox,
at Concord [Pa.].

Cassin, James, of Joseph and Elizabeth Cassin, born July 19, baptized

August 8, sponsors John Dugan and Mary O'Hara.

Dogherty, Mary Catharine, of Dennis and Margaret Dogherty, born

August 12, baptized August 13, sponsors Patrick Dogherty and
Barbara Kauffman.

Feinauer, Mary Barbara, of Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, born

August 10, baptized August 15, sponsors Stephen and Mary Ann
Forage.

Dugan, Joseph, of James and Sarah Dugan, born November 18, 1770,

baptized August 18, sponsor Eleanor Karker, at Pikesland [Chester

Co., Pa.].

Hanley, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Mary Magdalen Hanley, born July

12, baptized August 18, sponsors Frederic Scheimer and Sarah

Sohl, ibid.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 319

McFall, Sarah, of Patrick and Catharine McFall, born July 8, baptized
August 18, sponsors James and Joanna Griffin, ibid.

Boosee, Mary, of Moses and Elizabeth Boosee, born August 22, baptized
August 25, sponsors Patrick Hogan and Judith Connor.

Roderigo, Emmanuel Joseph, of and Joseph Roderigo, 4 years
old, baptized August 26, sponsors Emmanuel and Mary Magdalen
Ohms.

Miller, Eva, of John and Eva Miller, born August 27, baptized Septem-
ber i, sponsors George Philip Kitzinger and Eva Catharine Rathaus,
by Rev. Robert Harding.

Haug, John, of Simon and Magdalen Haug, born September 6, baptized

September 8, sponsors John Thadd and Elizabeth Essling.

Kearns, Henry, of John and Mary Kearns, born August n, baptized

September 19, sponsor Philip Campbell, witness Catharine Jackson.
Hercule, John Lewis, of Francis and Pelagia (Douret) Hercule, born

September 20, baptized September 20, sponsors Amandus Douret
and Catharine Boudrot, by Rev. Robert Harding.

Morisy, Anna, of Philip and Elizabeth Morisy, born March 22, baptized
September 22, sponsors John and Catharine Smith.

O'Hara, Margaret, of Robert Got and Mary O'Hara, born June 27, bap-
tized September 29, sponsor Apollonia Sohl, witness Robert Karker,
at Pikesland [Pa.].

Burns, Thomas, of Thomas and Margaret Burns, born August 2, bap-
tized October 3, sponsors Andrew Minchaucer and Joanna Moore.

Metzgar, Thomas, of John and Cecilia Metzgar, born September 25,

baptized October 4, sponsors Thomas and Elizabeth Tisdall.

McDonald, Robert, of Alexander and Honora McDonald, born Septem-
ber 24, baptized October 6, sponsors Edward Macoy and Eleanor
Smith.

Keys, William, of James and Sarah Keys, born August 17, baptized

privately October 6.

Dealy, William, of Charles and Mary Dealy, born January i, baptized
October 7, sponsors John Heling and Joanna Archdeacon.

Townsend, Mary, adult, baptized October 13, sponsor Barbara Graff;
was wife to Joseph Preiss, and after her baptism renewed her mar-

riage consent.

Welsh, Mary Magdalen, of Conrad and Elizabeth Welsh, born Septem-
ber 4, baptized October 20, sponsors Thomas Kauffman and Magda-
len Butz, at Ringwood [N. J.].

Davis, Margaret, of Walter and Catharine (P.) Davis, born January 3,

baptized October 24, sponsors Daniel and Mary Anna Kobole.

Halter, Joseph, of Nicholas and Elizabeth Halter, born June 18, baptized
October 26, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Anna Catharine Demuth

;

ceremonies supplied ;
at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Demuth, Anna Elizabeth, ot James and Anna Catharine Demuth, born



320 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

July 5, baptized October 26, sponsors Ernest Gla and Anna Eliza-

beth Marian
; ceremonies supplied, ibid.

Reider, Anna Elizabeth, of Francis Joseph and Anna Mary Reider, born

May 18, baptized October 26, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Anna
Elizabeth Marian, ibid.

Scholtzer, of Martin and Elizabeth Scholtzer, born October 22, baptized
October 26, sponsors Nicholas and Elizabeth Halter, ibid.

Harkins, Catharine, of William and Eleanor Harkins, born October 22,

baptized November 3, sponsors Moses Boosee and Anna Rush.

Agan [Egan?], John, of William and Eleanor Agan [Egan?], born
March n, baptized November 10, sponsors Peter Agen and Mar-

garet Agen.
Muny, Mary (Meredith), of John and Margaret Muny, born April 8,

1768, baptized November 12, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Woch-
man, in Burlington Co. [N. J.].

Muny, John, of same parents, born October 31, 1769, baptized Novem-
ber 12, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Wochman, in Burlington Co.

[N.J.].

Duffee, John, of John and Anna Duffee, born November 6, baptized
November 14, sponsors Tobias and Margaret Rudolph, Elizabeth

Ireland witness.

Caspar, Laurence, of Laurence and Margaret Caspar, born November 3,

baptized November 18, sponsor Henry Schreiner, at Cohanzey, now
Cohansey [Cumberland Co., N. J.].

Bennet, Elizabeth, of John (P.) and Margaret Bennet, born August 31,

baptized November 22, sponsor Catharine Schreiber.

Preiss, Samuel, of Joseph Preiss and Mary Townsend, born October

25, baptized November 27, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Kneul, George Ernest, of Balthasar and Christina Elizabeth Kneul, born
November 20, baptized November 29, sponsors George Ernest and

Mary Magdalen Lechler.

Hoffert, Peter, of John and Mary Hoffert, born October 8, baptized
December 8, sponsors John Mollan and Margaret Wealin.

Zeis, John Francis, of George and Eva Zeis, born December i, baptized
December 8, sponsors Francis and Margaret Wolf.

Litzelnoder, Michael, of Michael and Margaret Litzelnoder, born
December 8, baptized privately, December 10, in vicinity of

Philadelphia.

, Josue, about 10 years old, baptized privately and conditionally
at point of death.

Veil, John, of Nicholas and Sophia Veil, born December 14, baptized
December 19, sponsors John and Mary Stiller.

Bremich, John Adam, of Matthew and Regina Bremich, born December
17, baptized December 22, sponsors John Adam Bremich and Eva
Elizabeth Keil.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPHS CHURCH. 321

Seibert, Elizabeth, of Sebastian and Elizabeth Seibert, born October 10,

baptized October 31, sponsor Salome Schwartz, by Rev. Robert

Harding.
Crew, Catharine, of Edward and Margaret Crew, born September 7,

baptized December 23, sponsors Francis McFarlon and Elizabeth

Henry.
Bray, Catharine, of John and Judith Bray, born December 25, baptized

December 29, sponsors Patrick Dogherty and Bridget McNamara.
Whole number of baptisms one hundred and nine.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1772.

Devenach, Elizabeth, ofJoseph and Magdalen (Galerm) Devenach, born

January 12, baptized January 12, sponsors Charles Vignot and
Venanda Dartoit.

McManus, John, of and Bridget McManus, born January 17, bap-
tized January 18, sponsor Dennis Clansey.

Haffner, Catharine, of Peter and Eva Hafmer, born February 9, 1771,

baptized conditionally February 2, sponsors John and Eva Haffner.

Sweeney, James, of Edmund and Elizabeth Sweeney, born November
26, 1771, baptized February 9, sponsors Patrick Dogherty and Anna
Morning.

Tisdall, Mary, of Thomas and Elizabeth Tisdall, born February 3, bap-
tized February 9, sponsors Nathaniel Preston and Mary Farrell.

Plusch, Dorothy, of Joseph and Dorothy Plusch, born February 10,

baptized February u, sponsors Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle.

Casey, Dennis, of Dennis and Catharine Casey, born February 8, bap-
tized February 13, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Caroll.

'Carrol, Margaret, of Daniel 'and Mary Carrol, born February 5, bap-
tized February 20, sponsor the mother, in default of another.

Champain, Mary Josephine, of Stephen and Mary (Benoit) Champain,
born February 20, baptized February 21, sponsors Joseph Ribauand
Catharine Boudrot.

Soderick, Elizabeth, of John and Margaret Soderick, 14 years old, bap-
tized February 24, sponsor Margaret Dogherty.

Gock, Anna Mary, of Matthew and Charlotte Gock, born March 4, bap-
tized March 5, sponsors Andrew and Anna Mary Leiphart.

Forage, Josephine Elizabeth, of Stephen and Mary Ann Forage, born

February 24, baptized March 8, sponsors Sebastian and Elizabeth

Seibert.

Bender, Joanna Elizabeth, of Martin and Christina Bender, born
March 8, baptized March 9, sponsors Matthew and Joanna Bender.

Jung, Catharine, of Francis and Catharine Jung, born February 24, bap-
tized March 16, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Blum, near Phila-

delphia.



322 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Lennox, Margaret, of John and Margaret Lennox, born March 4, bap-
tized March 18, sponsors Francis Farrell and Mary Hogan.

Laviole, Anna, of John and Anna Laviole, born March 21, baptized
March 22, sponsors Joseph O'Kain and Margaret Bourg.

Glancey, John, of Dennis and Susanna Glancey, born March 14, baptized
March 22, sponsors Patrick Murphy and Esther Eyenson.

Bremegeon, Eleanor, ofJohn and Margaret Bremegeon, born February
22, baptized Ma-ch 22, sponsors Thomas Quill and Eleanor Smith.

Landry, Elizabeth, of Joseph and Sarah Landry, born March 17, baptized
March 22, sponsors Charles and Mary Bowman.

Macalgen, Mary, of Michael and Mary Macalgen, born November i,

1771, baptized March 29, sponsors Martin and Anna Miller, at Pikes-

land, [Chester Co., Pa.]

Miller, Anna Mary, of Martin and Anna Miller, born December 18, 1771,

baptized March 29, sponsors Bernard Brown and Margaret Sohl,
ibid.

Tims, Anna, of Henry and Anna Tims, born January 7, baptized March
30, sponsor Francis Sohl, in Chester Co. [Pa.].

Graff, Joseph, of Anthony and Barbara Graff, born April 4, baptized
April 12, sponsors Joseph Kaufman and Catharine Spengler.

Will, Elizabeth, of Philip and Elizabeth Will, born April 9, baptized

April 12, sponsors John Spath and Anna Hewson.
Bucher, Catharine Elizabeth, of John and Anna Catharine Bucher, born

January 18, baptized April 15, sponsors Bartholomew and Catharine
Elizabeth Becker.

Hardnet, Elizabeth, of James and Joanna Hardnet, born January 3, bap-
tized April 19, sponsor Samuel Griffin.

O'Neil, Elizabeth, of Arthur John and Rose O'Neil, born November 6,

1771, baptized April 19, sponsors John Fagan and Anna Rush.

Aman, Leonard, of Anthony and Sarah Aman, born September 20, 1771,

baptized April 20, sponsors Leonard Bremich and Magdalen Mayer.
Magill, John, of Peter and Barbara Magill, born April 2, baptized April

23, sponsors Patrick Barret and Mary Geiger, at Pilesgrove [Salem
Co., N.J.].

Geiger, Barbara, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born November 26,

1771, baptized April 23, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger, ibid.

Herberger, Mary Ottilia, of Peter and Mary Herberger, born February
14, baptized April 26, sponsors John and Mary Ottilia Manderfeld.

Chambers, John, of John and Eleanor Chambers, born November 28,

1771, baptized April 26, sponsors Thomas Kearns and Susanna

Kearney.
O'Brien, Margaret, of Thomas and Judith O'Brien, born April 16, bap-

tized April 26, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Maconvill, Margaret, of Anthony and Rosa Maconvill, born April 20,

baptized April 26, sponsors John Magefran and Mary Corcoran.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 323

Macanna, Thomas, of John and Sarah Macanna, born October 24, 1771,

baptized May r, sponsors James Weiseburger and Sarah Sohl, at

Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Hertz, Michael, of John and Barbara Hertz, born May 5, baptized May
6, sponsors Michael and Margaret Sauerwald.

Haynes, Philip, of Philip and Elizabeth Haynes, born April 13, baptized

May 9, sponsors Christopher Kelty and Joanna Archdeacon.

Powel, John, of and Anna Powel, born January 29, baptized May
12, sponsors John and Elizabeth Hanley.

Applegate, Mary, of Benjamin and Elizabeth Applegate, born April

5, baptized May 17, sponsor Mary Brown.

Ryan, Michael, of Philip and Anna Ryan, born April 20, baptized May
18, sponsors Michael and Joanna Robeson.

Devlin, Anna, of Henry Devlin and Mary Maher, born April 22, baptized

May 19, sponsor John Steling.

North, Thomas, of Thomas and Margaret North, born February 16,

baptized May 21, sponsors Brian and Mary O'Hara.

Bachman, Francis Anthony, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born

Aptil 20, baptized May 28, sponsors Francis Anthony and Anna
Catharine Zech, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Burns, Martha, of Laghlin and Mary Burns, born November 8, 1771 bap-
tized May 28, sponsors James Marniny and Eleanor Callaghan, ibid.

Coble, Anna Elizabeth, of John and Catharine "Coble, born April 14,

baptized May 31, sponsors Daniel Coble and Anna Catharine Welker,
at Ringwood [Passaic Co., N. J.].

Butz, John Henry, of William and Mary Magdalen Butz, born March 25,

baptized May 31, sponsors John Henry Ells and Elizabeth Welsch,
ibid.

Buttler, Hannah, adult, baptized May 31, sponsor Judy Power, ibid.

Karker, Peter, of Anthony and Mary Karker, born June 15, 1770, bap-
tized May 31, sponsors James and Elizabeth Walls, ibid.

Maginnis, John Nicholas, of Edward and Mary Maginnis, born March 15,

baptized May 31, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Margaret Call, ibid.

Jamison, Henry, of John and Mary Jamison, born March 4, baptized

privately May 31, sponsor Daniel Coble, ibid.

Campbel, Joanna, of Peter (P.) and Anna Campbel, born June 5, bap-
"
tized June 8, sponsors Timothy McCanlas and Mary Flin.

Lechler, Mary Magdalen, of Anthony and Mary Lechler, born June 3,

baptized June 8, sponsors Peter and Mary Magdalen Regimenter.
Dartoit, Bonaventure and Christopher (twins), of Bonaventure and

Venanda Dartoit, born June n, baptized June n, sponsors Christo-

pher Schultz, Antonia Swaine and Barbara Schultz.

McCarty, Jeremiah, of Daniel and Honora McCarty, born May 18, bap-
tized June 18, sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Kappel, Elizabeth Margaiet, of Nicholas and Magdalen Kappel, born



324 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

June 17, baptized June 18, sponsors Matthew and Margaret Elizabeth

Bremich.

Anna, of and Hannah
,
born June 16, baptized June

18, sponsor Anna Fichtler ;
the mother was a slave of Robert White.

Magill, Peter, of John and Catharine Magill, born February 18, baptized

June 21, sponsors Edward Coleman and Barbara Magill, at Piles-

grove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Becker, Michael, of John and Barbara Becker, born May 24, baptized

June 21, sponsors Michael and Hannah Huber, ibid.

Morris, Joanna and Jane, of Morris and Bensh, sisters

(adults), baptized June 21, sponsors Adam and Margaret Geiger,
ibid.

Kean, Barnabas, of Francis and Bridget Kean, born September 20, bap-
tized privately June 22.

Savoy, Mary Margaret, of Peter and Mary (Lequeul) Savoy, born June
24, baptized conditionally June 25, sponsors James Forester and

Margaret Lequeul.
Waiter, John George, of James and Frances Walter, born February 18,

baptized June 28, sponsors Peter Eimold and Sarah Sohl, at Pikes-

land [Chester Co., Pa.].

Scheimer, John Bernard, of Frederic and Magdalen Scheimer, born May
30, baptized June 28, sponsors John Bernard Brow and Catharine

Weisenberger, ibid.

Jones, Daniel, of John and Mary (Lery) Jones, born January 29, baptized

June 28, sponsors Edward Brady and Mary Full, ibid.

O'Hara, Charles and Elizabeth (twins), of Brian and MaryO'Hara, born

July 3, baptized privately July 3.

, John, of parents unknown, about 2> years old, baptized July 7,

sponsor John Cahil.

, John, of and Margaret, free negroes, born July 5, baptized

July 7, sponsor Anna (a negro).

Viel, Rudolph, of Paul and Mary Viel, born July 9, baptized July 12,

sponsors Rudolph and Sibylla Viel.

Swiney, Mary, of Patrick and Catharine (Hurley) Swiney, born June 28,

baptized July 12, sponsors Philip Neal and Mary Fitzgerald.

Babin, Isabella Josephine, of Simon and Anna (Trahan) Babin, born

July 13, baptized July 14, sponsors John Baptist O'Kain and Josephine
Daroit.

Foy, Abigail, of Matthew and Mary Foy, born January , baptized July

17, sponsors Michael Murphy and Anna McDonald.

Page, Henry, of William and Elizabeth Page, born July 14, baptized July

18, sponsors Walter Fitzgerald and Mary Callaghan.

Schreiner, Anna Christina, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born

July 21, baptized July 23, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Winter, Elizabeth Sarah, of Patrick and Eleanor Winter, born July 18,

baptized July 26, sponsors George and Eleanor Conely.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 325

Maly, John, of Jeremiah and Eleanor (P.) Maly, born August 7, 1771,

baptized July 26, sponsor Miles Welsh.

Westermayer, Mary Magdalen, of John and Ottilia Westermayer, born
about March, baptized August 9, sponsors Sebastian and Cune-

gunda Hoffman.

Heuson, Anna, of John and Heuson, born August 4, baptized

August 12, sponsors the minister and the maternal grandmother,
Catharine Magg witness.

McHughin, Sarah, of John and Martha McHughin, born April i, bap-
tized August 16, sponsor Eleanor

,
at Pilesgrove [Salem, Co.,

Jf.J.J.

Thurnbach, John, of Christian and Susanna Catharine Thurnbach, born

Aug. 4, baptized Aug. 16, sponsors Henry and Barbara Geiger, ibid.

Sauerwald, Catharine, of Michael and Margaret Sauerwald, born August
21, baptized August 22, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Gross.

Hoffman, Michael, ot John and Christina (P.) Hoffman, born August 19,

baptized August 25, sponsors Michael and Walburga Bremich, near

Philadelphia.

Schilling, Stephen, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born August 26, baptized

September 4, sponsors Stephen, Jr., and Mary Ann Forage.

Roth, Nicholas John, of and Roth, born August 31, bap-
tized September 6, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Schnaller.

McCunigham, Mary, of and Jemima McCunigham, born July 9,

baptized September 8, sponsor Mary Heart.

Borris, Anna, of Thomas and Margaret Borris, born July 30, baptized

Septembers, sponsor Mary Heart.

Magarry, John, of and Catharine Magarry, born August 12, bap-
tized September 8, sponsor Margaret Borris.

Senner, Mary Ann, of Francis and Anna Mary Senner, born September
8, baptized September u, sponsors James Klein and Anna Klein.

Schlotz, Susanna Catharine, of Philip and Susanna Schlotz, born March

ii, baptized September 15, sponsor Catharine Spengler.

Springer, Catharine, of John and Mary Springer, born September 19,

baptized September 20, sponsors Nicholas Essling and Catharine

Miller.

Williams, Peter Benjamin, of Joseph and Eleanor Williams, born June
15, baptized September 24, sponsor Mary Rosa Jaquier, witness

Mary Mosel.

Cahil, Peter, of Peter and Elizabeth Cahil, born October 15, 1771, bap-
tized September 25, sponsors Arthur and Elizabeth Donoho.

Meade, Henrietta Constance, of George and Henrietta (P.) Meade, born

August 15, baptized September 27, sponsors Thomas and Catharine

Fitzsimmons.

Lone, Mary, of Henry and Catharine Lone, born September 27, baptized
October 4, sponsors Barnaby Higgins and Catharine Ragan.



326 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

, Anna, born August 9, baptized October 6, sponsor James Gal-

lagher, witness Frances Yorkson.

Mignot, Elizabeth, of Charles and Pelagia (Galerm) Mignot, born Octo-
ber 8, baptized October 8, sponsors Bonaventure and Venanda
Dartoit.

Weidman, Christian, of John and Barbara Weidman, born October
,

176-, baptized October 14, sponsors Philip Schilling and Tobias Ru-

dolph, near Philadelphia.

Weidman, Joseph, of same parents, born October
, 176-, baptized

October 14, sponsors Philip Schilling and Tobias Rudolph, ibid.

Weidman, William, of same parents, born October
, 176-, baptized

October 14, sponsors Philip Schilling and Tobias Rudolph, ibid.

Weidman, Mary Magdalen, of same parents, born October
, 177-, bap-

tized October 14, sponsors Philip Schilling and Tobias Rudolph, ibid.

Hanley, Timothy, of John and Elizabeth Hanley, born October 23, bap-
tized November i, sponsors Jeremiah Lynch and Lydia Byron.

Krombel, Tobias, of Philip and Mary Krombel, born November i, bap-
tized November 2, sponsor Tobias Rudolph, witness Mary Margaret
Rudolph.

Holms, Mary, of Emmanuel and Mary Holms, born November 3, bap-
tized November 5, sponsors Francis Varrel and Catharine Keasey.

Schone, Laurence, of Laurence and Magdalen Schone, born November
4, baptized November 5, sponsors Bartholomew Becker and Bar-

bara Graff.

Ledermann, Peter, of John and Mary Catharine Ledermann, born Octo-
ber 30, baptized November 8, sponsors Adam Mayer and Magdalen
Pigmenter.

Grapf, Nicholas, of Peter and Claudina Grapf, born October 20, bap-
tized November 10, sponsors Nicholas and Alberta Carty, at Hay-
cock [Bucks Co., Pa.].

Wider, John David, of Joseph and Margaret Wider, born -July 26, bap-
tized November 15, sponsors David Fechter and Mary Ann Walter,
at Ringwood [Passaic Co., N. J.].

Murphy, Mary, of Richard and Mary Murphy, born September 3, bap-
tized November 16, sponsors Thomas Fowler and Mary Susanna

Walter, ibid.

Dentz, Joseph, of Charles and Mary Dentz, born September , 1764,

baptized November 18, sponsors Joseph and Margaret Wider, at

Longpond/
Dentz, Anna Catharine Magdalen, of same parents, born September ,

1770, baptized November 18, sponsors John and Catharine Cobole,
ibid.

Dentz, Dominic, of same parents, born October 26, baptized November
18, sponsors Dominic Andler and Catharine Zech, ibid.

Weber, John Bartholomew, of James and Anna Catharine Weber, born



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 327

October 8, baptized November 18, sponsors Daniel Cobole (for Bar-

tholomew Cobole) and Elizabeth Welsh, ibid.

Navil, Elizabeth, of John and Anna Navil, 14 years old, baptized Novem-
ber 1 8, sponsors Richard Murphy and Margaret Wider, ibid.

Sheridan, William, of William and Bridget Sheridan, born March 14,

1767, baptized November 19, sponsors Edward Cahel and Anna
Jung, ibid.

Schott, Anthony, of Philip and Catharine Schott, born August 30, bap-
tized November 20, sponsors Anthony Schumers and Catharine

Demuth, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Miller, Anna Margaret, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born Novem-
ber 8, baptized December 3, sponsors Laurence and Margaret Cas-

par, at Cohanzey [Cumberland Co., N. J.].

Gock, Mary, of Laurence and Christina Gock, born November 17, bap-
tized December 3, sponsors David Gock and Mary Geiger.

Fitzgerald, Thomas, ofThomas and Mary Fitzgerald, born November 5,

baptized December 6, sponsors Thomas Cunningham and Eleanor
Burk.

Stabler, Caspar, of John and Anna Mary Stabler, born December 4,

baptized December 6, sponsors Gabriel Macan and Barbara Stahler.

Hayle, Barbara, of Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle, born December 4, bap-
tised December 7, sponsors Joseph and Dorothy Plusch.

Lenard, Margaret and Anna (twins), of Patrick and Margaret Lenard,
born December n, baptised December n, sponsors Christopher
O'Brien and Elizabeth Murray.

Grosley, John, of and Susanna Grosley, born September
, baptized December 13, sponsors James and Catharine Nagel.

Nelson, James, of William and Mary Nelson, born November 27, 1769,

baptized December 14, sponsor John Bray, witness Anna Coghran.
Crene, John, of Timothy and Mary Crene, born May 6, 1771, baptized

December 20, sponsors Edward Crene and Margaret Agan.
Macabe, Mary, baptized December 20, sponsor Margaret Agan.
Dewitter, Anna Catharine, of and Margaret Dewitter, born De-

cember 5, baptized December 20, sponsors Philip and Anna Catha-
rine Donely.

Matson, Mary, adult, baptized December 21, sponsors Moses and Eliza-

beth Boosee.

Schneider, Mary Barbara, ofJohn George and Elizabeth Schneider, born
December 14, baptized December 24, sponsors Henry and Barbara

Schneider, near Philadelphia.

Smith, Mary, of Patrick and Mary Smith, born October 4, baptized De-
cember 25, sponsor John Heling.

Finey, John, of John and Mary Finey, born November 25, baptized De-
cember 27, sponsors John Faran and Bridget Dun.



328 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Ryan, John, of John and Margaret Ryan, born December 28, baptized
December 28, sponsors John White and Elizabeth Carrol.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and thirty-four.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1773.

Gordon, Abraham, of William and Barbara Gordon, born January i,

baptized January 3, sponsors John Maginnis and Susanna Kearney.
CafFert, Richard, of Richard and Elizabeth Caffert, born October 27,

1772, baptized January 5, sponsor Anna Makra.

Brooks, Anna, of Joseph and Anna Brooks, born December 27, 1772.

baptized February 28, sponsor Anna Heusin.

Philips, George Conrad, of John and Elizabeth Philips, born February
13, baptized February 28, sponsors George Kleiderle and Catharine
Schaffer.

Stabler, Elizabeth, of John and Christina Stahler, born February 23, bap-
tized February 28, sponsors Thomas and Elizabeth Tisdall.

Brooks, John, of Thomas and Mary Brooks, born August 10, 1769, bap-
tized privately March 2.

Mathes, William, of John (P.) and Jane Mathes, born March n, 1772,

baptized privately March 2.

, John Francis, of unknown parents, born April 10, 1772, baptized
March 2, sponsor Mary Heart.

Schneider, Mary Barbara, of Henry and Barbara Schneider, born March

3, baptized March 7, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magdalen
Lechler.

Stafford, John, of James and Mary Stafford, born January 15, baptized
March 7, sponsors Patrick Jennan and Bridget McNamara.

Campbell, John, of Barnaby (P.) and Mary Campbell, born February 27,

baptized March 8, sponsor Eleanor McCarty.
Ware, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Ware, born May 19, 1772, bap-

tized March 9, sponsor Anna Kelly.

Griffin, Eleanor, of Thomas and Jane Griffin, born December 27, 1772,

baptized March 21, sponsors Michael Spelley and Catharine Weisen-

burger, at Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Horn, Mary Magdalen, of Henry and Justina Horn, born March 24, bap-
tized March 26, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magdalen Lechler.

Huber, William, of Michael and Hannah Huber, born December 16,

1772, baptized March 28, sponsors Laurence and Margaret Casper,
at Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Mayer, Regina, of Joseph and Jane Mayer, born January , baptized
March 28, sponsors Henry Geiger and Mary Ann Haider, ibid.

Coyle, Michael, of John and Anna Coyle, born April 2, baptized April

4, sponsors James Gallagher, Mary Madden and Catharine Cook,
witness Barnaby Coil.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 329

Wurtzer, Mary Magdalen, of George and Eva Wurtzer, born January
28, baptized April 12, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magdalen
Lechler.

Kitzinger, Philippina, of Philip and Judith Kitzinger, born April 10, bap-
tized April 12, sponsors John and Philippina Lipp.

Waas, Francis Joseph, of Sebastian and Anna Mary Waas, born Novem-
ber 3, 1772, baptized April 12, sponsors Francis and Agatha Senner.

McDonald, Anna, of Edmund and Margaret McDonald, born April 16,

baptized April 25, sponsors John Brannon and Catharine Atkinson.

Ridiger, Anna Mary, of John and Margaret Ridiger, born April 19, bap-
tized April 25, sponsors John Vanie and Anna Mary Nagel.

McLoughlin, Elizabeth, of William and Mary McLoughlin, born Novem-
ber 25, 1772, baptized April 30, sponsor Phoebe Pendergast.

McCarty, Thomas and William (twins), of and Margaret McCarty,
born April 30, baptized privately April 30, sponsor Mary Carty.

Wiirth, Philip James, of Joseph and Barbara Wiirth, born April 30, bap-
tized May i, sponsor Catharine Schmid.

Fitzpatrick, John, of John and Honora Fitzpatrick, born April 26, bap-
tized May 2, sponsors Dennis Glansey and Mary Welsh.

Winters, William, of and Mary Winters, born September n,
1772, baptized privately May 4, sponsor Eleanor Conneley.

Macatee, Elizabeth, of and Eleanor Macatee, born March 27, bap-
tized May 5, sponsor Elizabeth Makenley witness, Thomas Carfol.

Spath, John Christopher, of John and Margaret Spath, born May 5, bap-
tized May 9, sponsors Christopher and Catharine Frances Wagner.

[Zig?], Miriam Catharine, of John George (P.) and Gertrude Sig [Zig?],
born January 31, baptized May 14; ceremonies supplied; in New
Jersey.

Cobole, Anna Eva, of David and Mary Cobole, born March 31, baptized

May 15, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Eva Jungfleisch.

Reider, Daniel, of Francis Joseph and Anna Mary Reider, born May 12,

baptized May 15, sponsors Daniel Cobole and Barbara Welker.

Grown, John, of James Grown and
,
born February 3, bap-

tized May 16, sponsors Edward McCoughlin and Catharine Mentze-
brach.

Cahil, Mary Ann, of Thomas and Eleanor Cahil, born April 17, bap-
tized May 19, sponsors Bartholomew Cobole and Mary Ann Walter.

Walter, Francis, of John and Rebecca Walter, baptized May 20, spon-
sors Francis Kirk and Susanna Doyle.

Wex, James, about 18 years old, baptized May 20, sponsors James
Walter and Margaret Wider.

Shaw, James, of Moses and Bridget Shaw, born July 21, 1771, baptized
May 21, sponsors Patrick Howlan and Elizabeth Ruger.

Flemming, Edward, of Michael and Abigail Flemming, born January 17,

baptized May 23, sponsors Francis Dealy and Margaret Engelhard.



330 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Williams, Robert, of George and Margaret Williams, born April 13, 1771,

baptized May 23, sponsors Patrick Grin and Anna Manan.

Wingart, Anna Catharine, of John and Anna Elizabeth Wingart, born

April 21, baptized May 23, sponsors Hubert Marian and Catharine

Demuth.

Fichter, Anna Margaret, of Philip and Mary Eva Fichter, born January

14, baptized May 23, sponsors Anthony Schumers and Mary Engel-
hard.

Hanlon, Elizabeth, of and Martha Hanlon, born February ,

baptized May 29, sponsor Catharine Gordon.

Price, Hannah, adult, baptized June 4, sponsors James and Elizabeth

Boosee
;
Hannah was wife of Michael Ryan.

Fitzwater, Elizabeth Magdalen, adult, baptized June 9, sponsor Catharine

Gatringer.

Rittisheim, Anna Sarah, ofJohn and Catharine Rittisheim, born May 16,

baptized June 16, sponsors Anthony and Anna Sarah Aman.
Dugan, Rebecca, ofJames and Sarah Dugan, born February 18, baptized

June 20, sponsors Francis and Sarah Sohl, at Pikesland [Chester

Co., Pa.].

Griffin, Mary, of James and Elizabeth Griffin, born May 14, baptized

June 20, sponsors Bartholomew Tool and Apollonia Sohl, ibid,

Strack, Daniel, of William and Elizabeth Strack, born June 16, baptized

June 21, sponsors Daniel and Annie Dogherty, while traveling.

Benner, Matthew, of Martin and Christina Benner, born June 25, baptized

June 27, sponsors Henry and Joanna Benner.

Watts, Elizabeth, of Samuel and Mary Watts, born June 3, baptized June
27, sponsors Francis Mullabi and Elizabeth Murray.

Regimenter, Peter, of Peter and Mary Magdalen Regimenter, born June
28, baptized June 29, ssponsor Peter Eck.

Macan, Mary, of Gabriel and Mary Macan, born June 21, baptized July 3,

sponsors Magnus Sonhollen and Margaret Lynch.
Sauerwald, Laurence, of John and Magdalen Sauerwald, born June 26,

baptized July 4, sponsors Laurence and Magdalen Schonus.

Sharp, Robert, of Robert and Mary Sharp, born June 30, baptized July 4,

sponsors James Mullen and Catharine Dardis.

Savoy, Anna Josephine, of Peter and Mary Savoy, born July 9, baptized

July 9, sponsors John Gatringer and Margaret Josephine Blanchard.

Baxter, John, ofJohn (P.) and Eleanor Baxter, born July 9, baptized July

10, sponsor Elizabeth Carrol.

Hendrehan, John, of Sylvester and Eleanor (McCarty) Hendrehan, born

June 26, baptized July n, sponsors Abraham McCoy and Mary
Murphy.

Boosee, Mary Magdalen, of Moses and Elizabeth [Bussey?] Boosee, born

July 9, baptized July 12, sponsors John Aitkins and Barbara Graff.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 33!

McCarty, Margaret, of Nicholas and Elizabeth McCarty, born February
21, baptized July 12, sponsors William and Lydia Biron.

O'Hara, Charles, of Brian and Mary O'Hara, born June 24, baptized July

12, sponsors Michael Clark and Margaret Dougherty.
Harity, James, of Connel and Catharine Harity, born July 14, baptized

July 16, sponsors Edward Freal and Elizabeth Parker.

Burns, Edward, of Edward and Alice Burns, born March 19, 1772, bap-
tized July 17, sponsor Matthew Foy.

Korn, John Michael, of Caspar and Anna Mary Korn, born January 16,

baptized July 21, sponsors John and Catharine Haug.
Tally, Mary Ann, of and Catharine Tally, 6 years old, baptized

July 21, sponsor Catharine Tally; a slave of Catharine Tally.

Low, Elizabeth, of Robert and Elizabeth Low, born October 14, 1762,

baptized July 25, sponsor Lydia Biron.

Brothers, Susanna, of William and Eleanor Brothers, born April 9, 1772,

baptized August 4, sponsors Timothy McAulif and Hannah Clark.

Albrecht, Joseph, of James and Anna Mary Albrecht, born August 4,

baptized August 8, sponsors Joseph and Mary Springer.

Coleman, Daniel, of Edward and Catharine Coleman, born April 10,

baptized August 10, sponsors John and Eleanor Connor, at Piles-

grove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Connor, Susanna, of Timothy and Mary Connor, born May 31, 1770,

baptized August 20, sponsor Elizabeth Bauman.

Hoffman, George Ernest, of Sebastian and Cunegunda Hoffman, born

August 12, baptized August 22, sponsor^ George Ernest and Mag-
dalen Lechler,

Hoy, John, of John and Catharine Hoy, born January , 1763, baptized

conditionally August 26, sponsors Patrick and Rosa Kearns, in

Burlington County, N. J.

Hoy, Margaret, of same parents, born May , 1767, baptized condition-

ally August 26, same sponsors, ibid.

Hoy, John, of same parents, born August 17, 1770, baptized condition-

ally August 26, same sponsors, ibid.

Ryan, Mary, ofJames and Sarah Ryan, born June 8, 1765, baptized con-

ditionally August 26, sponsors John and Catharine Hoy, ibid.

Agan [Egan?], William, of William and Eleanor Agan [Egan?], born

May 29, baptized August 26, sponsors John Davelin and Anna
Kearns, ibid.

Bradshaw, Elizabeth, of John and Hannah Bradshaw, born October
,

1755, baptized conditionally August 26, sponsors John and Catharine

Hoyle, ibid.

Ferri, Mary, ofJames and Eleanor Ferri, born July 14, baptized August
29, sponsor Daniel Mignati, witness Mary (his wife).

Mignati, Sarah, of Daniel and Mary Mignati, born August 29, sponsor
James Ferri, witness Eleanor (his wife).



332 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Dogherty, Letitia, of George and Mary Dogherty, born September 2,

baptized September 2, sponsors Dennis and Margaret Dogherty.
Clarke, Sarah, of Agno and Catharine (Mahany) Clarke, born August

30, baptized September 3, sponsor Mary Heart.

Barnville, John, of Matthew and Isabella Barnville, born August 22,

baptized September 5, sponsors John Kirk and Anna Kallahan.
Faran, Margaret, of John and Mary Faran, born September 2, baptized

September 5, sponsor John McKeaver, witness Mary Dun.
Coffey, Mary Ann, of George and Catharine Coffey, born August 16,

baptized September 5, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Wochman.
Becker, Laurence, of Bartholomew and Catharine Elizabeth Becker,

born August 31, baptized September 5, sponsors Laurence and
Mary Magdalen Schone.

Wilcox, Elizabeth, of John and Rebecca Wilcox, born March 15, baptized
September 5, sponsor Rebecca Wilcox.

Schreiner, Anna Christina, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born
August 29, baptized September 5, sponsors Paul and Christina

Essling.

Ruck, William, of Samuel (P.) and Christina Ruck, born June 24, bap-
tized September 7, sponsors Anthony and Catharine Lechler.

Cunningham, Anna, ofJames and Eleanor Cunningham, born September
9, baptized September 9, sponsor Joseph Ebair.

Conelly, Eleanor, of John and Rebecca Conelly, born September 2, bap-
tized September 12, sponsors Timothy Donoho and Rachel Hanly.

Davis, Rebecca, of and Hannah Davis, born March 15, baptized
September 19, sponsors "Owen Kelty and Christina Gock, at Piles-

grove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Hans, Andrew, of Christopher and Catharine (Vankeisen) Hans, born

July 29, baptized September 20, sponsor Alfred Clifton, witness

Mary Henry.
Clear, Robert, of Thomas and Catherine Clear, born September 21,

baptized September 22, sponsor Anthony Schneider, witness Martha
Bass.

Dogherty, John, of George and Anna Dogherty, born August 19, bap-
tized September 22, sponsors John Gatringer and Catharine Veil.

Huskins, Anna, of Richard and Hannah (Kean) Huskins, born August
10, baptized September 26, sponsors Martin and Anna Miller, at

Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Anderson, Margaret, of John and Elizabeth Anderson, born September
5, baptized October 7, sponsors Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle.

Tisdall, Catharine, of Thomas and Elizabeth Tisdall, born October 8,

baptized October 10, sponsors Stephen and Catharine Bardin.

Varrel, Matthew, of Francis and Elizabeth Varrel, born February 22,

baptized October 10, sponsors Emmanuel and Mary Ohms.
Stalter, Martin, of Nicholas and Elizabeth Stalter, born May 24, baptized



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 333

October 21, sponsor Martin Bachman; ceremonies supplied; at

Charlottenburg [N. J.].

McDonald, James, of John and Anna McDonald, born June 23, baptized
October 23, sponsors James and Anna Catharine Weber, at Long-
pond.

Simons, James Francis Patrick, of James and Mary Simons, born Octo-
ber 10, baptized October 24, sponsors Francis and Hannah Doyle.

Monck, John, of John and Margaret Monck, born September 3, baptized
October 24, sponsors John Riiger and Bridget Shaw.

Walker, William, of Samuel and Mary Waiker, born April 20, baptized
October 24, sponsors Elizabeth Walle, William Ledgert witness.

May, Elizabeth, of James and Christina (Keiner) May, born December
12, 1770, baptized conditionally October 24, sponsor Anthony May,
at Ringwood [N. J.].

Sealy, William, of Michael and Elizabeth Sealy, born December 18, 1772,

baptized privately October 25, sponsor Anna Mary Merschler.

Gibson, Mary, adult, baptized October 13, sponsor Barbara Kaufman.

Schilling, John Theodore, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born November
6, baptized November 7, sponsor John Rudolph, Mary Margaret Ru-

dolph witness.

Halfpenny, Anne, of Thomas and Margaret Halfpenny, born October

25, baptized November 7, sponsors John Finn and Mary McCarty
(for her mother, Elizabeth McCarty).

Motley, Elizabeth, of Walter and Mary Motley, born August 4, baptized
November 8, sponsors John Hanna and Jane Motley.

Motley, Mary, wife of Walter Motley, baptized November 8
;

the minis-

ter was sponsor.

Lynch, Thomas, of Jeremiah and Elizabeth Lynch, born November 12,

baptized November 21, sponsors John Hanley and Margaret Trahan.

Cronin, Sarah, of James and Bridget Cronin, born June , baptized
November 25, sponsor John Cronin.

Kauffman, Margaret, of Joseph and Barbara KaufFman, born November
24, baptized November 25, sponsors Dennis and Margaret Dogherty.

Caspar, Henry, of Laurence and Margaret Caspar, born October 27,

baptized November 30, sponsors Henry and Barbara Geiger, at

Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Geiger, Henry, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born October 14, bap-
tized November 30, sponsors Simon Geiger and Susanna Thurn-

bach, ibid.

White, John, of John and Rachel White, born November 21, baptized
December 12, sponsors Thomas Donaho and Sarah Greswold.

Trim, Martin, of James and Mary Elizabeth Trim, born December 5,,

baptized December 12, sponsors Martin Wiber and Catharine

Wagner.
Haug, Mary Margaret, of John and Catharine Haug, born November 28,.



334 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

baptized December 12, sponsor John Santoz, Margaret Santoz
witness.

Price, John, of John and Mary Price, born November 29, baptized De-
cember 14, sponsors John Lahy and Elizabeth Fitzpatrick.

Bamfeils, Catharine Elizabeth, of Basil (P.) and Anna (Broc) Bamfeils,
born December 2, baptized December 19, sponsors Bonaventure
Dartoit and Catharine Boudrot.

Hayle, James, of Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle, born December 18, bap-
tized December 19, sponsors James Klein and Anna Martin, near

Philadelphia.

Lechler, Mary Magdalen, of Anthony and Catharine Lechler, born De-
cember 19, baptized December 21, sponsors John and Mary
Honecker.

Gallagher, Prudence, of John and Anna Gallagher, born November 12,

baptized December 25, sponsors James Gallagher and Mary Cot-

ringer.

Aman, Anna Catharine, of Anthony and Sarah Aman, born December
18, baptized December 26, sponsors Peter Bremich and Anna Cath-
arine Waltrich.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and twenty-four.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1774.

Murry, Sarah, of Hugh and Eleanor Murry, born December 17, 1773,

baptized January i, sponsors Maurice Kean and Margaret Murry.
Adams, Anna, ofJohn and Grace Adams, born March 13, 1773, baptised

January 4, sponsors Thomas and Eleanor Carrol.

Essling, Laurence, of Peter and Mary Essling, born January i, baptized

January 6, sponsor Mary Grosin.

Roberts, Joseph, of Joseph and Anna Roberts, born January 4, baptized

January 6, sponsors Peter Field and Margaret Nihil.

Bauman, Joseph, of George and Elizabeth Bauman, born January 8, bap-
tized January 8, sponsors Augustine and Margaret Dreun.

Lort, Anna, of Isaac and Anna Lort, born January 9, baptized January 16,

sponsors Bernard Fearis and Elizabeth Greswold.

Bremich, Joanna, of Leonard and Margaret Bremich, born January 19,

baptized January 22, sponsors John Hearty and Joanna Nickols.

French, Dominic, of Dominic and Margaret French, born January 14,

1771, baptized January 23, sponsor Robert Waters, Margaret Catiere

witness.

Mulhollin, Henry, of Philip and Elizabeth Mulhollin, born August 17,

1769, baptized January 30, sponsor Philip Campbel.
Mulhollin, Edward, of same parents, born November 12, 1773, baptized

January 30, sponsor Philip Campbel.
Mulhollin, Mary, of same parents, born December 16, 1771, baptized

January 30, sponsor Philip Campbel.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 335

Haug, Elizabeth, of Simon and Mary Magdalen Haug, born January 27,

baptized January 30, sponsors John Tart and Elizabeth Esling.

Graff, Mary, of Anthony and Barbara Graft, born January 27, baptized
January 31, sponsors Bryan O'Hara and Catharine Spengler.

Hughin, Catharine, of William and Catharine Hughin, born November
14, 1773, baptized February 5, sponsor Margaret McCarty.

O'Neil, John, of Barnaby and Barbara O'Neil, born December 2, 1773,

baptized privately February 6.

Viel, Joseph, of Paul and Mary Viel, born February 16, baptized Feb-

ruary 20, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary Riibel.

Davern, Honora, of William and Rosa Davern, born December u, 1773,

baptized February 23, sponsors James Magee and Anna Hussy.
La Riole, Catharine, ofJohn and Anna la Riole, born February 25, bap-

tized condition-ally February 27, sponsors Dennis and Catharine

Casey.
Boudrot, Mary Ann, of Michael and Anna Boudrot, born February 27,

baptized March 13, sponsors John Hany and Margaret Josephine
Blanchart.

Morse, Mary, of Thomas and Jane Morse, baptized March 14, sponsors
Lancelot Harrison and Margaret Lynch.

Klein, George Ernest, of James and Elizabeth Klein, born March 13,

baptized March 17, sponsors George Ernest and Magdalen Lechler.

Elliott, William, of Samuel Elliott (P.) and Bridget Downey, born De-
cember i, 1772, baptized March 20, sponsors Martin Miller and Mary
Gary, at Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Macalgen, Margaret, of Michael and Mary Macalgen, born October 2,

1773, baptized March 22, sponsors Martin and Anna Miller, in Chester

County [Pa.].

Kean, William, of Francis and Bridget Kean, born February 14, baptized
March 27, sponsors John Mullen and Mary Wagg.

Veit, Catharine, of Christian and Anna Barbara Veit, born March 23,

baptized March 26, sponsors George and Catharine Coffey.

Bennet, Hannah, of John and Margaret Bennet, born September , 1773,

baptized March 28, sponsors Thomas McEnery and Catharine
Schreiber.

Pola, Mary Elizabeth, of Peter and Anna Pola, born March 20, baptized

April 3, sponsors George and Mary Elizabeth Schneider.

Zeiss, John George, of George and Eva Zeiss, born March 20, baptized

April 3, sponsor Francis Wolff, Anna Margaret Wolff witness.

Jung, James, of Francis and Catharine Jung, born April 6, baptized April

10, sponsors James and Magdalen Christman.

Jones, Jane, of Peter and Magdalen (P.) Jones, born March 3, baptized

April TO, sponsor Magdalen Regimenter.
Brown, James, of James and Catharine Brown, born December 25, 1773,

baptized April 24, sponsors William Grady and Catharine Mentze-

bach, on a mission.



336 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Fischer, John, of John and Margaret Fischer, born November u, 1773,

baptized April 24, sponsor Joseph VVingart, witness John Taylor,
ibid.

Bachman, Anna Catharine, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born
November 14, 1773, baptized April 24, sponsor Daniel Cobole, cere-

monies supplied, ibid.

Lafferty, Margaret, of John Lafferty and Margaret Bennet, born May io>

1771, baptized April 27, sponsors Michael Lamy and Eleanor Cahil,
ibid.

Lafferty, Anna Catharine, of same parents, born March 18, 1766, bap-
tized April 27, sponsors John and Catharine Cobole, ibid.

Lafferty, Daniel, of same parents, born July , 1773, baptized April 27,

sponsors Dominic Audler and Anna Young, ibid.

Lawless, Samuel Martin, of Martin Lawless and Mary Allen, born May
13, 1773, baptized April 27, sponsors Arthur Murphy and Bridget

Shaw, ibid.

Ridal, William, of Thomas and Hannah Ridal, born December 20, 1773,

baptized April 27, sponsors William Lefevre and Sarah Morris, ibid.

Fitzgerald, Anna Catharine, of William Fitzgerald and Margaret Gris-

kell, born August 9, 1772, baptized April 27, sponsors John Swiney
and Catharine Cobole, ibid.

Haycock, Sarah, wife of Thomas Haycock, adult, baptized April 27,

ibid.

Haycock, James, of Thomas and Sarah Haycock, born August 10, 1773,

baptized April 27, sponsors Edward Welsh and Bridget Shaw, ibid.

Ryan, William, of Timothy and Rebecca Ryan, born February 4, 1773,

baptized April 27, sponsor John Simpson, ibid.

Macon, William, of William Macon and Barbara Carman, born Decem-
ber i, 1773, baptized April 28, sponsors William Smith and Bridget

Shaw, ibid.

Gray, Elizabeth, of John and Anna Gray, born January 8, baptized April

28, sponsor Edward Murphy, Elizabeth Murphy, witness, ibid.

Burns, Daniel, of Laghlin and Margaret Burns, born February 20, bap-
tized April 28, sponsor Daniel McShafrey, witness Elizabeth Murphy,
ibid.

Riiger, Mary, of John and Elizabeth Riiger, born March 18, baptized

April 28, sponsors Bartholomew and Mary Ann Cobole, ibid.

Audie, Joseph, of John Audie and Mary Josaphine Bawn, born March 19,

1766, baptized April 28, sponsors William Fitzgerald and Sarah

Haycock, ibid.

Audie, Peter, of same parents, born February 19, 1768, baptized April

28, same sponsors, ibid.

Audie, Charles, of same parents, born October 22, 1770, baptized April

28, same sponsors, ibid.

Macra, William, of Patrick and Lydia Macra, born March 4, baptized



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 337

April 29, sponsor Joseph Wider
;
had been baptized privately May

2I
i

T 773 5
ceremonies supplied, ibid.

Cobole, Catharine, of John and Catharine Cobole, born April 28, bap-
tized April 29, sponsors Catharine Schoten and John Kauffman, ibid.

Kean, Hugh, of William and Eleanor Kean, born December 24, 1773,

baptized May i, sponsors Hugh and Mary Quig, ibid.

Zech, Anna Barbara, of Francis and Anna Catharine Zech, born March
21, baptized May i, sponsors John Mayer and B. Walker for B.

Bachman, ibid.

Waldman, Mary, of Joseph and Margaret Waldman, born August 7,

1773, baptized May 4, sponsors Anthony Schumers and Frederic
Bohn and wife, ibid.

O'Neal, Anna, of Henry and Mary O'Neal, born March 20, baptized May
4, sponsors Thomas Welsh and Grace Brown, ibid.

Horn, Anna Margaret, of John George (P.) and Anna Margaret Horn,
born April 4, 1773, baptized May 4, sponsors Thomas Griffin and

Margaret Lallin, ibid.

Cooper, Mary, of Thomas and Joanna Cooper, born April 16, baptized
May 9, sponsors William and Elizabeth Hardin.

Malowny, Mary, of John and Catharine Malowny, born May 16, baptized
May 17, sponsors Timothy Carrol and Margaret Rush.

Cels, Sarah, of Henry (P.) and Magdalen Cels, born February n, 1766,

baptized May 22, sponsor Apollonia Wegfort.
Cels, James, of same parents, born August 21, 1768, baptized May 22,

sponsor Joseph Hahn.

Cels, John, of same parents, born February 14, 1771, baptized May 22,

sponsor John Peter Krapf.

Cels, Christina, of same parents, born February 24, baptized May 22,

sponsor Christina Hahn.

Herold, Mary, of James and Anna (P.) Herold, born April 10, baptized
May 22, sponsors Thomas and Margaret Halfpenny.

Negel, Margaret, of John and Alice Negel, born April 16, baptized May
22, sponsor Susanna Glansey.

Magill, John, of John and Catharine Magill, born February 10, baptized
May 25, sponsors Christian and Susan Catharine Thurnbach, at

Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Kerl, Anna, of John Kerl and Anna Gibson, born May 7, 1769, baptized
May 27, sponsor Barbara Kauffman.

McCana, Francis, of John and Sarah McCana, born November 14, 1773,

baptized May 29, sponsors Daniel Scheimer and Sarah Sohl, at

Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Miller, Catharine, of Martin and Anna Miller, born April 16, baptized
May 29, sponsors Peter Luther and Catharine Eck, ibid.

O'Devlin, Samuel, of Roger and Susanna O'Devlin, born August 8, 1772,

baptized May 29, sponsors John and Sarah McCana, near Mills-

town [?].



338 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Keys, Francis, of James and Sarah Keys, born March 17, baptized June
3, sponsors Lewis Griffin and Sarah Wessel.

McCanary, Thomas, of John and Joanna McCanary, born May 20, bap-
tized June 5, sponsors Lewis Byrne and Anna Macarthy.

Lynch, Mary, of Philip and Sarah Lynch, born March 10, 1772, baptized

June 6, sponsor John Arthur O'Neal.

O'Neal, Mary, of John Arthur and Margaret O'Neal, born June 2, bap-
tized June 6, sponsors Philip Lynch and Anna Ducre.

Dougherty, Agnes, of Patrick and Esther Dougherty, born June 7, bap-
tised June 9, sponsor Mary Heart.

Davis, William, of and Anna Davis, born January , baptized

June 12, sponsors Bonaventure Dartoit and Magdalen Davenac.

Hoy, Asa Joseph, of John and Catharine Hoy, born March 25, baptized

June 15, sponsors William and Eleanor Agan, in Burlington County
[N.J.J.

Lequeul, Aloysius, of Francis Lequeul and Pelagia Douzet, born June 21,

baptized June 21, sponsors the minister and Margaret Leblanc.

Mayer, John, of Joseph (P.) and Gertrude Mayer, born June 24, baptized

July 2, sponsors Philip Barthman and Mary Ridiger, near Philadel-

phia.

Lee, Thomas, of Thomas (P.) and Mary Lee, born June 23, baptized

July 7, sponsor Eleanor Baxter.

Cunningham, Margaret, of Paul and Margaret Cunningham, born July i,

baptized July 9, sponsor Judith Power, John McEnery witness.

Cooley, Anna Margaret, of Abraham and Anna Cooley, born June 3,

baptized July 10, sponsor Mary Poth.

Gans, Margaret, of Balthasar and Sarah Gans, born June 26, baptized

conditionally July 24, sponsors James Weisenburger and Margaret
Walter, at Pikesland [Pa.].

Magill, Anna, of Peter and Barbara Magill, born May 29, baptized July

31, sponsors Simon Geiger and Susan Catharine Thurnbach, at

Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Magill, James, of Stephen and Elizabeth (P.) Magill, born April i, bap-
tized July 31, sponsors Peter and Barbara Magill, ibid.

Savoy, John Peter, of Peter Savoy and Mary Lequeul, born August i,

baptized August 2, sponsors John Lequeul and Josephine Brasan.

Fegan, William, of Patrick and Margaret Fegan, born June 5, 1767, bap-
tized August 10, sponsors Florence McCarty and Mary Goff.

Fegan, Catharine, of same parents, born February 2, 1772, baptized

August 10, same sponsors.
Long, Anna, of John Long and Elizabeth Clark, born July 4, baptized

August 12, sponsor Dennis McCoghlin, witness Luther Jackson.
Smith, Daniel, of Daniel and Mary Smith, born August i, baptized

August 14, sponsors Samuel Ridney and Anna Triskel.

Lenox, Joseph, of John and Margaret Lenox, born August 12, baptized

August 19, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 339

Kneul, Mary Elizabeth, of Balthasar and Christina Kneul, born August
17, baptized August 21, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magdalen
Lechler.

Meade, George (Strich), of George and Henrietta Constance (P.) Meade,
born August 26, baptized August 26, sponsors Thomas and Catharine

Fitzsimons.

Preston, Mary, of Samuel (P.) and Margaret Preston, born March 3,

baptized August 29, sponsor Mary Heart.

Silly, Mary, of William [?] and Joanna Silly, born March
, 1772, bap-

tized August 29, sponsor Margaret Brown.

Zangerte, George Ernest, of Ignatius and Elizabeth Zangerte, born

August 31, baptized September i, sponsors George Ernest and

Mary Magdalen Le.chler.

Humes, John, ofSamuel and Margaret Humes, born November 6, 1770,

baptized September 3, sponsor Edward Hughs, at Springfield.

Humes, Alice, of same parents, born December 16, 1771, baptized Sep-
tember 3, sponsor Edward Hughs, ibid.

Ryan, Daniel, of Michael and Hannah Ryan, baptized in Philadelphia,

apparently by a Rev. Anthony Carroll, sponsors James Gildmar and

Margaret Hall.

Babet, Elizabeth, of and Catharine Babet, born June 16, baptized

September 6, sponsor Prudence Willcox, at Middleton.

Connor, John, of Michael and Rosa Connor, born May 31, baptized Sep
tember 7, sponsor Anna McCarty, at Sandy Run.

Eustace, Genevieve, of Daniel Eustace and Margaret Doiron, born Sep-
tember 7, baptized September 8, sponsors John Raubin and Mary
Vincent.

Prickel, Elizabeth, of Henry and Margaret Prickel, born September 9,

baptized September n, sponsors Laurence Graser and Elizabeth

Chuson.

Crosby, Peter, of Francis and Margaret Crosby, born August 27, bap-
tized September n, sponsor Patrick McDonogh, witnesses Edward

McDonogh and Catharine Chastin.

Savage, Joseph, of Jeremiah and Anna Savage, born September 4, bap-
tized September 12, sponsors Brian O'Hara and Elizabeth Carrol.

Boosee, Elizabeth, of Moses and Elizabeth Boosee, born September 12,

baptized September 13, sponsors Andrew McLone and Barbara

Graff.

Broderick, Susanna, wife of Richard Broderick, adult, baptized Septem-
ber 14.

Broderick, Margery, of Richard and Susanna Broderick, born August
18, baptized September 15, sponsors Michael Green and Margaret
Forest.

Bastian, Wilhelmina, of John William and Magdalen Bastian, born Sep-
tember 16, baptized September 25, sponsors Charles Anthony Maas
and Wilhelmina Webern.



340 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Grandell, Sarah, of Elias and Rebecca Grandell, born July 25, 1769,

baptized September 25, sponsor Bartholomew Bailey, Eunice (his

wife) witness.

Grandell, Lydia, of same parents, born October 22, 1772, baptized Sep-
tember 25, same sponsors.

Greswold, Mary, of Joseph and Mary Greswold, born September 15,

baptized September 26, sponsors the minister and Anna Hill.

Hueberk, Venanda, of Cassian and Anna Mary Hueberk, born Septem-
ber 21, baptized October 2, sponsors Bonaventure and Venanda
Dartoit.

Kurtz, Dorothy, of John Paul and Agatha Kurtz, born September 29,

baptized October 2, sponsors John Vadler and Dorothy Richart.

Talbot, Catharine Mary, of James and Catharine Talbot, born May 27,

1773, baptized October 2, sponsors Adam Lechler and Catharine
Waltrich.

Schneider, George Adam, of George and Mary Elizabeth Schneider,
born September 30, baptized October 5, sponsors Adam Lechler
and Regina Schneider.

Flanegan, John, of Patrick and Mary Flanegan, born August 30, bap-
tized October 6, sponsors Roger and Catharine Flahaven, in Hun-
terdon Co. [N. J.].

Wingart, John, of Joseph and Anna Elizabeth Wingart, born August 15,

baptized October 13, sponsors James and Anna Catharine Demuth,
in Morris Co. [N. J.].

Haycock, Daniel, of Thomas and Sarah Haycock, born August ,'1763,

baptized October 16, sponsor Patrick McLoghlin, at Longpond.
Shaw, Catharine, of Moses (P.) and Bridget Shaw, born August 13, bap-

tized October 16, sponsors John and Elizabeth Riiger, ibid.

Vanderoof, David, of Henry and Margaret Vanderoof, born June 19,

baptized October 16, sponsors David and Mary Eva Fichter, ibid.

Scarboro, John, of William and Catharine Scarboro, born September 23,

baptized October 16, sponsors John and Catharine Cobole, ibid.

May, Margaret, of James and Magdalen May, born August 30, baptized
October 16, sponsors Anthony May and Margaret Waiblin, ibid.

Green, Susanna, of Peter and Susanna Green, born March 25, 1770,

baptized October 16, sponsor William Fitzgerald, ibid.

Green, Peter, of same parents, born July 25, 1772, baptized October 16,

sponsor Bridget Shaw, witness Moses Shaw, ibid.

Marsele, Peter, of Peter and Tabe" Marsele, born September 28, 1761,

baptized October 16, sponsor Charles Dentz, witness Mary Anna
Dentz, ibid.

Marsele, John, of same parents, born May 29, 1768, baptized October 16,

sponsors John Baptist and Margaret Oudrie, ibid.

Marsele, [John?], of same parents, born July 30, baptized October 16,

sponsors John Riiger and Sarah Haycock, ibid.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH. 341

Marsele, Charlotte, of same parents, born January 26, 1773, baptized
October 16, sponsors Michael Favene and Susanna Green, ibid.

Fichter, Mary Elizabeth, of Philip and Mary Eva Fichter, born May 28,

baptized October 17, sponsors John Cobole and Elizabeth Stalter,

ibid.

Power, John, of Thomas and Susanna Powr [Power?], born August 28,

1773, baptized October 23, sponsors Peter Boyle and Sarah Christy,
at Mount Hope [N. J.].

Oils, John James, of John and Ann Elizabeth Oils, born August 10, bap-
tized October 23, sponsors John James Walker and Elizabeth Welsch

[Welsh?], ibid.

Kirk, Peter, of John Kirk and Joanna Alleton, born June 4, baptized
October 24, sponsors Peter Joseph and Anna Catharine Grips, ibid.

Kirk, Joanna (Alleton), wife of John Kirk, adult, baptized October 24,

sponsor Anna Catharine Zech, ibid.

Senner, Margaret, of Francis and Mary Agatha Senner, born October

13, baptized October 30, sponsors Joseph and Margaret Ribau.

Burns, Matthew, of John and Elizabeth Burns, born October 27, baptized
October 30, sponsors Thomas Callen and Mary Jonston.

Landry, John Baptist, of Anthony and Barbara Landry, born October 3,

1773, baptized November 3, sponsors Joseph and Margaret le

Blanc.

Holt, Francis, of and Mary Holt, born October
, 1774, baptized

November 3, sponsor Joanna Nicols.

Hardnet, William, of James and Joanna Hardnet, born February 9, bap-
tized November 6, sponsors Edward Cavenaugh and Elizabeth

Snell.

Horn, Mary Elizabeth, of Henry and Christina Horn, born November
5, baptized November 7, sponsors George Ernest and Magdalen
Lechler.

Sauerwald, John, of Michael and Barbara Sauerwald, born November 7,

baptized November 10, sponsors John Aitkin and Charlotte Eng-
elraid.

Foy, William, of Matthew and Anna Foy. born August 24, baptized
November 12, sponsors Michael Shanly and Catharine Barn.

Byrne, Catharine, of Redmond and Anna Byrne, born November 9, bap-
tized November 13, sponsors Tobias Rudolph and Mary Price.

Kessler, John, of Andrew and Catharine Kessler, born September 17,

baptized November 13, sponsors John Sigfried and Catharine

Spengler.
Donaho, Thomas, of Laurence and Bridget Donaho, born November

12, baptized November 13, sponsors Patrick Daverick and Anna
Crowley.

Gallagher, John, of James and Anna Gallagher, born November 9, bap-
tized November 16, sponsors Patrick and Mary Byrne.



342 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Shaw, Genevieve, of Joseph (P.) and Sarah Shaw, born October i, bap-
tized November 20, sponsors George Gans and Catharine Weisse-

burger, at Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].

Anderson, Lorette (Laureta), of Thomas and Susanna Anderson, born

May 29, baptized November 24, sponsor the minister.

Brimigeom, William, of John and Margaret Brimigeom, born November
10, baptized November 27, sponsors John Calanan and Anna O'Hara.

Denetter, James, of Conrad and Catharine Elizabeth (P.) Denetter, born
October 30, baptized November 27, sponsors Joseph and Anna Mary
Feinauer.

Kelly, Mary, of Patrick and Margaret Kelly, born December 3, baptized
December 3, sponsors Stephen Champain and Dorothy Rischartin.

Champain, Charles, of Stephen Champain and Mary Benoit, born
November 27, baptized December 4, sponsors Charles Berget and

Margaret Benoit.

Donahay, George, of Cormack and Elizabeth Donahay, born November
18, baptized December 4, sponsors Michael and Mary Fowlon.

Ryan, Richard, of John and Margaret Ryan, born December 4, baptized
December 5, sponsors Thomas Mullen and Judy Connor.

Bray, Anna, of John and Judith Bray, born November , baptized
December 8, sponsors Daniel Fitzpatrick and Joanna Motley.

Rice, Anna, of James and Esther Rice, born October 17, baptized
December u, sponsors Manes Connor and Margaret McConigl.

Murray, Mary, of Peter and Joanna Murray, born December 3, baptized
December n, sponsor Patrick Landry, Mary Landry witness.

Connor, Hugh, of Michael and Mary Connor, born December 14, bap
tized December 14, sponsors Thomas and Catharine Fitzsimons ;

ceremonies supplied.

Lindaus, John, of Michael Lindaus and Eleanor McGued [McQuaid ? ],

born January 14, baptized December 15, sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Bodar, Peter, of Anthony and Barbara Bodar, born December 3, bap-
tized December 18, sponsors Peter Hegner and Gertrude Mayer (for

Mrs. Elizabeth Hegner).
Buch, Gertrude, of Joseph and Hannah Buch, born November 27, bap-

tized December 18, sponsors Joseph and Mary Gertrude Mayer.
Forage, Tobias, of Stephen and Mary Anna Forage, born December 10,

baptized December 18, sponsor Tobias Rudolph, Mary Margaret
Rudolph witness.

Talbot, William, of James and Catharine Talbot, born January 19, 1771,

baptized December 19, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magdalen
Lechler.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and sixty-two.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 343

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1775.

Rees, Margaret Elizabeth, of Martin and Rees, born April 13, 1774,

baptized January i, sponsors Philip Kitzinger and Margaret Ridiger.

Kitzinger, Anna, of Philip and Matilda Kitzinger, born December 15,

1774, baptized January i, sponsors John Venie and Anna Levingston.

McDermot, Mary, of Dennis and Mary McDermot, born December 18,

1774, baptized January i, sponsors John and Mary Kean.

Treasy, Andrew, of Matthew and Mary Treasy, born February 5, 1769,

baptized January 7, sponsors Laurence Dugan and Ann Fitzpatrick.

Treasy, Jesse, of same parents, born October 26, 1771, baptized January
7, sponsors Owen and Mary Ryan.

Fisher, Robert, of John and Eleanor Fisher, born December 13, 1774,

baptized January 7, sponsor Honora Rush.

Blum, Nicholas, of Anthony and Barbara Blum, born January 10, baptized

January 15, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Wochman.
Crosby, John, of and Mary Crosby, born November 19, 1774, bap-

tized January 16, sponsor Mary Heart.

, James, of and Hannah, slaves of Thomas Fitzsimons, born

January 2, baptized January 16, sponsor Anna, slave of Elizabeth

Meredith.

Lothier, Benjamin, of Andrew and Charlotte Lothier, born 1769, baptized

privately January 20, sponsor Joseph Ribau.

O'Hara, Bridget, of Brian and Mary O'Hara, born January 17, baptized

January 27, sponsors Anthony Graff and Mary Byrne.
Stafford, Mary, of James and Margaret Stafford, born January 25, baptized

February 12, sponsors John Redin and Bridget Timins.

Doyle, Anna Regina, of James and Mary Christina Doyle, born February
n, baptized February 16, sponsor Anna Regina Kesser.

Dugan, James, ofJames Dugan and Mary Halfpeny, born about August,
1774, baptized February 20, sponsor Catharine Jacobs.

Durenac, Josephine Magdalen, of Joseph and Magdalen Durenac, born

February 22, baptized February 25, sponsors Charles Leblanc and
Osithea [?] Brassan.

McDonald, Thomas, of John and Eleanor McDonald, born February 19,

baptized February 25, sponsors Patrick Mallon and Mary Tool.

Sexton, Catharine Barbara, ofJohn and Catharine Sexton, born Decem-
ber 24, 1773, baptized February 26, sponsor Barbara Schultz.

Haug, Anna Christina, of Simon and Magdalen Haug, born February 20,

baptized March 5, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Schone, Joseph, of Laurence and Magdalen Schone, born March 5, bap-
tized March 8, sponsors Joseph and Elizabeth Cassin.

Coock, Charles, of Laurence and Catharine Coock, born March 9, bap-
tized March 12, sponsors Timothy Carrol and Catharine Welsh.

Rue, John, of Thomas (P.) and Anna Rue, born December 24, 1773,

baptized March 15, sponsors James and Elizabeth Klein.



344 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Dugan, Sarah, of James and Sarah Dugan, born January 18, baptized
March 19, sponsors George Gans and Mary Walter, at Pikesland

[Chester Co., Pa.].

Ermold, John, of Peter and Anna Mary (P.) Ermold, born October 7,

1774, baptized conditionally March 19, sponsors James and Anna
Mary Weisenburger, ibid.

Schindler, William, of Henry (P.) and Catharine Schindler, born October

18, 1774, baptized conditionally March 19, same sponsors, ibid.

Gans, Anna Mary, of John and Catharine Gans, born October 16, 1774,

baptized March 19, sponsors George and Anna Mary Gans, ibid.

Scheimer, Barbara, of Frederic and Magdalen Scheimer, born January
16, baptized March 21, sponsors John Stout and Hannah Christy, at

Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Cullin, Anna, of John and Sibylla Cullin, born February 19, baptized
March 22, sponsor Catharine Hughs, at Pottsgrove.

Coleman, Anna, of Edward and Catharine Coleman, born October 16,

1774, baptized March 26, sponsors Henry Monro and Susanna

Thurnbach, at Pilesgrove [N. J.].

Miller, Christina, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born January 15,

baptized March 26, sponsors Joseph Miller and Catharine Benner,
ibid.

Hueber, Mary, of Michael and Hannah Hueber, born December 21, 1774,

baptized March 26, sponsors Simon and Mary Geiger, ibid.

Bucher, John, of John and Anna Catharine Bucher, born December 8,

1774, baptized March 30, sponsors Stephen and Catharine Barden.

Hanley, William, of Thomas and Rachael Hanley, born December 16,

1774, baptized April 2, sponsors Philip and Grace McDead.
Agan [Egan?], Thomas, of Nicholas and Anna Agan [Egan?], born

January 20, baptized April 2, sponsor Joanna Nicoli.

January, Thomas, of Thomas and Margaret January, born about October,

1774, baptized April 10, sponsor Elizabeth Grace.

, Mary, a foundling a few months old, baptized April 10, sponsor
Anna French.

Klein, Joseph, of John and Anna Mary Klein, born April 14, 1774, bap-
tized April 15, sponsors Joseph and Ursula Haag.

Waas, Anna Margaret, of Sebastian and Anna Mary Waas, born August
15, 1774, baptized April 16, sponsors John and Margaret Ridiger.

Price, Anna, of Joseph and Mary Price, born April 14, baptized April 16,

sponsors William Shay and Anna Byrne.

Talbot, Elizabeth, ofJames and Catharine Talbot, born March 27, bap-
tized April 23, sponsors Adam Bremich and Elizabeth Lascher.

McDonald, James, of Edmund and Mary McDonald, born February 18,

baptized April 23, sponsors James Quin and Joanna Kennedy.
Tims, Henry, of Henry and Anna Tims, born March 14, baptized May 7,

sponsors James Lamy and Joanna Hotton, at Pikesland [Chester
Co. Pa.].



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 345

Humphranville, David, of Timothy and Rebecca Humphranville, born

April 22, 1770, baptized May 10, sponsor Lydia Biron.

Honecker, John Henry, of John and Mary Honecker, born April 24,

baptized May 10, sponsors Henry and Mary Ann Norbeck.

Dippens, John, of Richard and Abigail Apollonia Dippens, born May 3,

baptized May 10, sponsor Mary Lee.

Mignot, Mary Josephine, of Charles and Pelagia (Galerm) Mignot, born

May 13, baptized May 14, sponsors John Lequeul and Josephine
Daroit.

Lany, John, of Michael anol Martha (P.) Lany, born October 7, 1774,

baptized May 17, sponsor Patrick Campbel, in Sussex County [N. J.].

Weber, Francis, of James and Anna Catharine Weber, born April 8,

baptized May 20, sponsors Francis Anthony and Anna Catharine

Zech, in Morris County [N. J.].

Brown, Philip, of James and Grace Brown, born February 17, baptized

May 21, sponsors William Halfpeny and Mary Pickets, ibid.

Sig, Frederic, ofJohn George (P.) and Gertrude Sig, born April 4, bap-
tized May 21, sponsor Peter Grips, Frederic Bohm witness, ibid.

Wider, James, of Joseph and Margaret Wider, born February , bap-
tized May 21, sponsors James and Anna Catharine Demuth, ibid.

Darmoty, Edward, of Edward and Esther Darmoty, born February n,
baptized May 21, sponsors Peter Joseph Grips and Hannah Dirk,
ibid.

Keiner, Peter, of and Christiana (P.) Keiner, born February 2,

1774, baptized May 21, sponsors Peter Joseph Grips and Anna
Elizabeth. Oils, ibid.

Price, Anna, of Thomas and Magdalen Price, born March 13, baptized
May 23, sponsor Sarah Christy, Adam Mailgan witness, at Charlot-

tenburg [N. J.].

Par, William, of Sophronia and Catharine Par, born March 19, baptized
May 24, sponsor Anna Mary Merzbach, Edward Magill, witness,

ibid.

Schot, Anna Catharine, of Philip and Mary Catharine Schot, born De-
cember i, 1774, baptized May 25, sponsors Daniel Cobole and Mary
Anna Quinx (for Catharine Cobole) ibid.

Merchler, Mary Margaret, ofJohn and Mary Anna Merchler, born Febru-

ary 12, baptized May 25, sponsors Dominic Andler and Mary Catha-
rine Schot (for Margaret Pfaltzer) ibid.

Dentz, Mary Ann (Kelly), wife of Charles Dentz, baptized May 26,

sponsor Mary Anna Cobole, at Longpond.
Dentz, John, of Charles and Mary Ann (Kelly) Dentz, born April ,

baptized May 26, sponsors John and Catharine Cobole, ibid.

Thomas, David, of David (P.) and Frances Thomas, born December 23,

1774, baptized May 27, sponsor Margaret Long, David Fichtler

witness, ibid.



AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Stalter, John Bartholomew, of Nicholas and Elizabeth Stalter, born

April 8, baptized May 27, sponsors Bartholomew and Mary Eva
Cobole, ibid.

Cahel, Patrick, of Thomas and Eleanor Cahel, born January i, baptized

May 28, sponsor William Harrison (for Patrick Howlan), Bridget

Bridy witness, ibid.

Hanlon, Elizabeth, ofJames and Rachael Hanlon, born April 14, baptized

May 28, sponsor Sarah Hedgecock, ibid.

Elsworth, Mary Anna, of William and Bridget Elsworth, born October

19, baptized May 28, sponsor Arthur Murphy, Sarah Kelly witness,
ibid.

Fitzgerald, William, of William Fitzgerald and Margaret Triskel, [Dris-

coll?] born October 9, 1774, baptized May 28, sponsor John Cobole,

Joanna Swinney witness, ibid.

Marsele, David, of Peter and Tabese [?] Marsele, born May 8, baptized

May 28, sponsors David Fichter and Mary Eva Fichter, Jr.,

ibid.

Call, John Nicholas, ofJohn Nicholas and Anna Mary Call, born Decem-
ber 27, 1774, baptized May 28, sponsors Eugene Pfaltzer (for John
Nicholas Calsen) and Margaret Pfaltzer, ibid.

Green, Margaret, of Peter and Susanna Green, born March 5, baptized

May 28, sponsor Bridget Shaw, ibid.

Connely, Margaret, of James and Margaret Connely, born May 26, bap-
tized May 31, sponsor Francis Dealy, Margaret Brown witness, at

Mt. Hope [N. J.].

Skelly, Robert, of Robert and Anna Skelly, born May 9, baptized June
i, sponsors Thomas Griffin and Margaret Callan, in Hunterdon

County [N. J.].

Cramer, Caspar, of Mathias and Mary Catharine Cramer, born May 13,

baptized June i, sponsors Caspar and Margaret Engelhard, near

Haycock [Pa.].

McDonough, Michael, of Michael and Elizabeth McDonough, born April

24, baptized June 4, sponsors Patrick Landy, Eleanor Murry and

Mary Griffin, John Welsh witness.

Wurzer, Mary Margaret, of George and Mary Eve Wurzer, born Febru-

ary 28, baptized June 5, sponsors George Ernest and Magdalen
Lechler.

Murphy, John, of John Murphy and Mary Miller, born May i, baptized

June 15, sponsors Cassian Hueber and Catharine Netzelnoder.

Coghlan, William, of Robert Coghlan and Elizabeth Russell, infant at

the point of death, baptized privately June 16.

Rane, William, of Patrick and Elizabeth Rane, born May 5, baptized

privately June 16, sponsors William McKensy and Martha Bass.

More, "Sarah, of Stephen and Eva More, born June 10, baptized June 17,

sponsor Salome Freundin.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 347

Dugan, James and Anthony (twins), of John and Elizabeth Dugan, born

June 18, baptized June 18, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Carrol

for James,. Anthony and Barbara Graff for Anthony.
Davis, Mary, of Thomas (P.) and Catharine Davis, born April 26, bap-

tized June 19, sponsors Patrick and Margaret Rush.

Mahony, William, of William and Catharine Mahony, born June 19, bap-
tized June 19, sponsors John and Elizabeth Bagley.

Foster, James, of John Foster and Catharine Mahana, born June 26,

baptized June 29, sponsor Mary Hart.

Courtney, Francis, of Francis Courtney and Judith Barry, born June 24,

baptized June 29, sponsor Mary Hart.

Tool, Hannah, of James and Sarah Tool, born June 29, baptized July 2,

sponsors Christopher Teas and Mary Smith.

Barry, Eleanor, of 'Patrick and Mary Barry, born June 30, baptized July
2. sponsors John and Elizabeth Carrol.

Kearney, John, of Hugh and Sarah Kearney, born July 2, baptized July

9, sponsors John Murray and Sarah Campbel.
Croghan, Joseph, of Dennis and Margaret Croghan, born July 5, baptized

July 10, sponsors Michael Connor and Christina Mullabi.

Viel, Mary, of Peter and Lucretia Viel, born July 7, baptized July 16,

sponsors Christopher and Catharine Viel.

Griffin, Margaret, of James and Elizabeth Griffin, born July 13, baptized

July 30, sponsors Martin and Anna Miller, at Pikesland [Chester

Co., Pa.].

Dogherty, John, of Anthony Dogherty and Anna Mealy, born April 17,

baptized July 30, sponsors John William and Elizabeth Strack, ibid.

Fowhey, Hope Hewitt, wife of John Fowhey, baptized August 3, spon-
sor Margaret Glass.

McDonald, James, of Edmund and Margaret McDonald, born July 27,

baptized August 6, sponsors Timothy and Elizabeth Carrol.

McHughin, Margaret, of John and Martha McHughin, born about April,

1773, baptized August 10, sponsors Henry Morris and Mary Calgen,
at Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Thurnbach, Elizabeth, of Christian and Susanna Catharine Thurnbach,
born August 3, baptized August 10, sponsors John and Anna Catha-

rine Bucher, ibid.

Martin, Mary, of Patrick and Mary Martin, born August 6, baptized

August 13, sponsors John Viel and Mary Johnson.
Tisdal, Thomas, of Thomas and Elizabeth Tisdal, born August 8, bap-

tized August 13, sponsors Patrick and Margaret Rush.

Lequeul, Mary Esther, of Francis Lequeul and Pelagia Douzet, born

August 13, baptized August 13, sponsors Joseph Leblanc, Jr., and

Mary Vincent.

Heany, Margery, of John and Elizabeth Heany, born July 29, baptized

August 13, sponsors Joseph Carrol and Anna Rush.



348 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Thorp, Elizabeth, of John and Elizabeth (P.) Thorp, born May 4, 1773,

baptized August 17, sponsor Hannah Clark.

Thorp, Sarah, of same parents, born July 29, baptized August 17, same
sponsor.

Pola, George Adam, of Peter and Anna Pola, born August 7, baptized
August 20, sponsors George Adam Lechler and Magdalen Rauch.

Delie, Charles, of Charles and Mary Delie, born July 14, 1774, baptized

conditionally August 20, sponsor James Prouchier, Anna Harty
witness.

Roderics, Anna, of John and Charlotta Roderics, born March 31, bap-
tized August 23, sponsors Daniel Cross and Eleanor Crawford.

Neagle, John, of John and Alice Neagle, born August 2, baptized August
27, sponsors John and Margaret Ryan.

Gillen, Sarah, of James and Mary Gillen, born August 25, baptized

August 27, sponsors John Brook, Anna Shaw and Margaret Conoly,

Jeremiah Hays witness.

Williams, Elizabeth, of Joseph and Eleanor Williams, born August 2,

baptized August 28, sponsors Matthew Hyne and Anastasia Devan.

Burns, Mary, of Archibald and Joanna Burns, born August 22, baptized

September 3, sponsors John Fitzpatrick and Catharine Conelly.

Burns, John, of same parents, born June 16, 1772, baptized September 3,

sponsors Timothy Dorgan and Elizabeth Fitzpatrick.

McFall, Catharine Benson, wife of Patrick McFall, baptized September
7, sponsor Eleanor Crawford.

Springer, Francis Joseph, of Joseph and Magdalen Springer, born Sep-
tember 3, baptized September 10, sponsors Francis Joseph Riibel

and Catharine Viel, daughter of Rudolph Viel.

Davis, Mary, of Samuel and Elizabeth Davis, born July 26, baptized Sep-
tember u, sponsor Elizabeth McKenley.

McMahan, Mary, of Barnaby and Anna McMahan, born September 8,

baptized September 21, sponsor Mary Johnson.
Lederman, Anna Mary, of John and Catharine Lederman, born Septem-

ber 9, baptized September 24, sponsors Francis Joseph Lederman
and Anna Mary Philips.

Ridiger, Anna Margaret, of John and Margaret Ridiger, born September
17, baptized September 24, sponsors Philip Kitzinger and Anna Mary
Nagle.

Caspar, John, of Laurence and Margaret Caspar, born September 2, bap-
tized September 29, sponsors John Bucher and Anna Mary Schnaller,
at Pilesgrove [Salem Co., N. J.].

Barnhouse, Mary, of Edward (P.) and Juliana Barnhouse, born December
J 3> J 773, baptized October 9, sponsor Timothy Downing, in Phila-

delphia County.
Butz, Catharine Elizabeth, of Christian and Catharine Butz, about five

years old, baptized October n, at Greenwich.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. 349

Horn, George Henry, of John George (P.) and Margaret Horn, born

July i, baptized October 12, sponsors George Henry and Catharine

Call, in Hunterdon County [N. J.].

Coble, Anna Catharine, of Bartholomew and Mary Coble, born July 5,

baptized October 15, sponsors John Kauffman, James Walker and
Catharine Cobole, ceremonies supplied, at Longpond.

Swiney, John, of John and Joanna Swiney, born October 4, baptized Oc-
tober 15, sponsors John Glub and Margaret Burns, ibid.

Oudie, Mary, of John and Josephine Oudie, born May 20, baptized Oc-
tober 15, sponsors William Fitzgerald and Mary Dentz, ibid.

McCormick, George, of Edward and Charity (P.) McCormick, born
December 22, 1770, baptized October 15, sponsors James Fichter and

Mary Burk, ibid.

McCormick, Michael, of same parents, born September 21, 1773, bap-
tized October 15, sponsors David and Eva Fichter, ibid.

McCormick, Deborah, of same parents, born June 19, baptized October

15, sponsors John and Anna Larkin, ibid.

McKinzy, Charles, of Charles and Christina McKinzy, born August 17,

baptized October 17, sponsors Neal Dogherty and Mrs. Mary Mar-

garet Pfaltzer, at Ringwood [Passaic Co., N. J.].

Stecher, Mary Catharine, of Joseph and Anna (P.) Stecher, born August
16, baptized October 18, sponsors William Graty and Mrs. Mary
Mentzenbach, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Bachman, Helen, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born Septem-
ber n, baptized October 18, sponsors Nicholas Mentzenbach, Joseph
and Helen Wingart, ibid.

Cobole, Mary Anna, of Daniel and Mary Ann Cobole, born July 26, bap-
tized October 18, sponsors Peter Wilkes and Elizabeth Welsh (for

Mary Ann, wife of Bartholomew Cobole), ibid.

Robertson, Anna, of Dominic and Mary Catharine Robertson, born July
, baptized October 21, ceremonies supplied, ibid.

Kamber, Elizabeth, of Valentine and Ottilia Kamber, born October 24,

baptized October 29, sponsors Jacob and Elizabeth Klein.

Halfpenny, Barnaby, of Thomas and Margaret Halfpenny, born October

15, baptized October 29, sponsors Owen Ryan and Joanna Motley.
Meade, Robert, of George and Henrietta Constance (P.) Meade, born

September 20, baptized October 29, sponsors Thomas and Catharine

Fitzsimons, Garret Meade and wife, and Thomas Straka.

Flanagan, Bridget, of Patrick and Mena (?) Flanagan, born October 16,

baptized November 2, sponsors Brian and Mary O'Hara.

Harold, James, of James and Anna Harold, born October i, baptized
November n, sponsor Thomas Halfpeny.

Donely, Margaret, of Dennis and Mary Donely, born January 8, 1774,

baptized November 19, sponsors William Hanan and Catharine

Pope, at Pikesland [Chester Co., Pa.].



350 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Byrne, James, of Patrick and Mary Byrne, born December 4, baptized
December 10, sponsors Mark Willcox and Elizabeth Carrol.

Hughs, Joseph, of Charles and Anna Hughs, born November n, bap-
tized December 28, sponsors Daniel Mignati and Eleanor McHollogh.

Binerman, Benjamin, of Benjamin Binerman and Elizabeth Carrol, born

December 5, baptized December 30, sponsor Catharine Gordon.

Abt, Adam, of Henry and Mary Elizabeth Abt, born December 4, bap-
tized December 31, sponsors Adam and Mary Margaret Hoffman.

Donaho, Margaret, of Lawrence and Bridget Donaho, born December 28,

baptized December 31, sponsors John Sullivan and Anna Crowley.
Whole number of baptisms one hundred and thirty-nine.

Whole number from August 29, 1758, to December 31, 1775 one
thousand eight hundred and sixty- five.

NOTE.

The foregoing registers are, as has been said in the introduction, a

translation and adaptation, done with strict fidelity and great care. For

the convenience of those who may wish to consult the original books at

St. Joseph's Church, we append a list of signs and abreviatins used

therein :

C. Catholicus, Catholic, a Catholic.
A. C. Acatholicus, non-Catholic.
N. C. Neo-Catholicus, a neophyte, one newly converted; or it may

stand for non-Catholic, according to the context.
P. Patrinus, a sponsor or godfather.
Pr. Protestans, a Protestant.
T. Testis, a witness.
h. a. hoc anno, in this year.
L. C. Legalis conjux, lawful wife

;
or legitima conjugatione, in

lawful marriage ; legitime conjunct!, lawfully joined according to the
context.

M. Mater, mother.
1. c. loco citato, in the place before cited.

c. 1. c.-cum. "I Licentia praesenti, by immedite license, or license

Lic-Praes. J presented at hand.
t Mortuus, dead.
*** Quakerius and Tremulus stand for Quaker, that is, a member

of the Society of Friends.
T. p. p. Tribus praemissis promulgationibus, by three previous an-

nouncements, that is, marriage by banns.


