






































Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia


LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1 7/6. 22/

history
" The Catholic Church in Colonial Days," etc. (New

York, 1886) at page 395, Vol. I., he gives a picture of the

house of Matthew and Adam Geiger, still standing, in Salem

county, N. J.,
" where Mass was celebrated from 1744."

The reader is directed to the introduction to the first series

of the baptismal registers given in the first volume of these
" Records" for 1884-86, at page 246. Little else can, at pres-

.ent, at least, be added to what there may be found.

FR. THOMAS C. MIDDLETON, O. S. A.

Villanova College, Pa., October 25th, 1888.

NOTE. The insertion of (P.) after a name in the following

registers indicates that the person was a Protestant.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1776.

Graff, Catharine, of Anthony and Barbara Graff, born January 1st, bap-
tized January 1st, sponsors George and Mary Spengler.

Boudrot, Stephen, of Michael and Anna Boudrot, born January 2d, bap-
tized January 2d, sponsors John Aiken and Mary Vincent.

Ghilkar, Elizabeth, of George and Prudence Ghilkar, born December
3, 1775, baptized January 7th, sponsors Michael and Mary Galagher.

Bremich, Adam, of Leonard and Margaret Bremich, born January 8th,

baptized January 9th, sponsors Adam and Margaret Bremich.

Buckley, Michael, of James and Mary Buckley, born October 12th, 1775,

baptized January 14th, sponsors William Malone and Judith Kenedy.
Daniel, Esther, of Isaac and Esther Daniel, seventeen years of age,

baptized January 15th, sponsors Archibald Shaw and MaryRecans.
Nunck, John, of Henry and Mary (P.) Nunck, born December 13th, 1775,

baptized January 21st, sponsors John Nadler and Catharine Nadler.

Morris, Philip, of Philip and Elizabeth Morris, born August 15th, 1774,

baptized January 21st, sponsors John and Catharine Smith.

Hollingsworth, Margaret, of James and Anna (Dealy) Hollingsworth,
born January 21st, baptized January 21st, sponsor Barbara Schultz.

McKenley, Elizabeth, of John and Mary McKenley, born November,
1774, baptized January 22d, sponsor Barbara Keil, in vicinity of

Philadelphia.



228 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Masterson, Malhias, of Mathias and Martha Masterson, born November
9th, 1774, baptized January 22d.

Tissotau, John, of Leonard Nicholas and Magdalen Tissotau, sixteen

years of age, baptized January 23d, sponsors Herman Carpe and
Catharine Boudrot.

Lean, Mary, of Lawrence and Judith Lean, born June 10th, 1775, bap-
tized January 23d, sponsor Mary Nagler.

Willson, Barbara, of William and Rosa Willson, born January 15th, bap-
tized January 28th, sponsor Elizabeth Sudric.

Warner, William, of Hugh and Margaret Warner, born January 29th,

baptized January 29th, sponsors James Byrne, Jr., and Margaret
Deacon.

Carpe, Julia, of H.ennan Carpe and Margaret Lebeauve, born January
29th, baptized January 30th, sponsors Jacques Clement Hierce and

Margaret LeBlanc.

Raubin, Charlotta, of John and Anna Raubin, born January 30th, bap-
tized January 30th, sponsors Anthony Toussaint and Magdalen
Vincent.

Bonaventure, Francis, born October, 1775, baptized February 3d, spon-
sors Bonaventure and Venanda Dartoit.

Lechler, Mary Elizabeth, of Anthony and Catharine Lechler, born Jan-

uary 31st, baptized February 4th, sponsors Georg^ Ernest Lechler

and Christina Horn (for her mother).

Schneider, John Adam, of Henry and Barbara Schneider, born Febru-

ary 2d, baptized February 10th, sponsors Axlam and Anna Mary
Gock.

Will, George, of Philip and Elizabeth Will, born February 6th, baptized

February llth, sponsors George Freind and Catherine Freind.

O'Hearn, Mary, of Lawrence and Abby O'Hearn, born January, 1776,

baptized February llth, sponsor Patrick Grogan, and witness Mar-

garet Grogan.
Carson, James, of James (P.) and Mary Carson, born February 12th,

baptized February 14th, sponsor William Dolton.

Schilling, Mary Margaret, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born February
8th, baptized February 18th, sponsor Tobias Rudolph, and witness

Mary Margaret Rudolph.

Kelly, William and Margaret, twins, of James and Elizabeth Kelly,

born May 28th, 1775, baptized February 19th, sponsors James and
Elizabeth Conway.

Lewis, Joseph, of Emmanuel and Margaret Lewis, born September 14th,

1775, baptized February 20th, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Zangerle, Mary Magdalen, of Ignatius and Anna Elizabeth Zangerle,

born February 18th, baptized February 20th, sponsors George Ernest

Lechler and Mary Magdalen, his wife.

Horn, Mary Catharine, of Henry and Justina Horn, born February 17th,



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 17/6. 229

baptized February 20th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magda-
len Lechler.

Welsh, John, of James and Lydia Welsh, born January 4th, 1775, bap-
tized February 23d, sponsor Johanna Nicols.

Rice, Andrew, of James and Esther Rice, born December 26th, 1775,

baptized February 25th, sponsors Philip and Grace McDead.
Merchant, Mary, of James and Eleanor Merchant, born February 1.1th,

baptized February 26th, sponsors Paul and Margaret Cuningham.
Ryan, John, of Michael and Elizabeth Ryan, born February 17th, 1771,

baptized March 1st, sponsor Simon Leblanc.

Ryan, Mary, same parents, born October 17th, 1772, baptized March 1st

sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Ryan, Alice, same parents, born March 19th, 1774, baptized March 1st,

sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Haug, John, of John and Catharine Haug, born February 21st, baptized
March 3d, sponsors Christopher and Catharine Viel-

Gordon, John, of William (P.) and Barbara Gordon, born February 25th,

baptized March 3d, sponsors Thomas Carraher and Mary Springer.

Connor, Catharine, of Michael and Mary Connor, born February 28th,

baptized March 4th, sponsors Matthew Cotringer and Elizabeth

White.

Hardnet, Anna, of James and Johanna Hardnet, born January 28th,

baptized March 9th, sponsor Elizabeth Campbell.
Hoffman, Elizabeth, of Adam and Catharine Hoffman, born March 6th,

baptized March 13th, sponsors' Adam Lechler and Elizabeth Hoff-

man.

Garby, Mary, of Bartholomew and Eleanor (Williams) Garby, born
March llth, baptized March 14th, sponsor Mary Scantlen.

Lamy, Grace, of James and Hannah Lamy, born October 15th, 1775,

baptized March 17th, sponsors Frederic Scheimer and Anna Tims,
at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.].

Makenna, John, of John and Sarah Makenna, born January 29th, bap-
tized March 17th, sponsors James Weissenburger and Margaret
Kean, ibid.

Weissenburger, Margaret, of Christian and Hannah Weissenburger, born
October 7th, 1775, baptized March 17th, sponsors James Weissen-

burger and Margaret Walter, ibid.

Landry, Mary, of Anthony and Barbara (Leblanc) Landry, born January
24th, baptized March 19th, sponsors Simon Leblanc and Margaret
Bourg.

Magill, Johanna, of Peter and Barbara Magill, born January 25th, bap-
tized March 24th, sponsors James and Johanna Magill.

Spangler, Mary Catharine, of George and Mary Spangler, born March
22d, baptized March 26th, sponsors Anthony Graff and Catharine

Spangler.



23O AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Daugherty, Margaret, of James and Catharine Daugherty, born March

24th, baptized March 26th, sponsor Rosanna Dwyer.
Mason, William, of Thomas and Priscilla Mason, born November 22d,

1775, baptized March 27th, sponsor Rosanna Davern.

Malhollin, Patrick, of Patrick and Margaret Malhollin, born March 29th,

baptized March 29th, sponsors Owen Mullen and Mary McMullen.

Bauman, John, of Benedict Charles and Magdalen Bauman, born

March 17th, baptized March 29th, sponsor John Reiser, and wit-

ness his wife Mary Agnes.

Geiger, Mathias, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born December 3d,

1775, baptized March 31st, sponsors Simon and Mary Geiger, at

Pilesgrove [Salem county, N. J.].

Lort, John, of Isaac and Anna Lort, born April 4th, baptized April 4th,

sponsors James and Anna Gallagher.

Orkart, Catharine, of Onias and Catharine Orkart, born March 1st, bap-
tized April 4th, sponsor Catharine Dardis.

Sullivan, Philip, of Jeremiah and Catharine. Sullivan, born April 3d,,

baptized April 7th, sponsors James Castela and Catharine Boudrot.

Spier, Barbara, of Matthew and Mary Spier, born February 26th, bap-
tized April 9th, sponsors John and Barbara Heitz.

Mayer, Anna Sophia, of Jodocus and Gertrude Mayer, born April 4th,

baptized April llth, sponsors Peter Hegner, Jr., and Elizabeth

Hegner.
Schmid, John George, of Nicholas and Eva Schmid, born March 25th,

baptized April 14th, sponsors George Freind and Catharine Keil.

Shea, Arthur, of John and Anna Shea, born April llth, baptized April

14th, sponsors Jeremiah Sullivan and Alice Castela.

Rowan, John, of John and Rowan, born 1773, baptized April 15th,

sponsors John Connolly and Margaret Corcran.

Mullen, Joseph, of James and Anna Mullen, born March 22d, baptized

April 17th, sponsors Patrick and Mary Byrne.

Monchere, Bridget, of Thomas and Monchere, born January
llth, baptized April 18th, sponsor Margaret Dirksin.

Maher, Mary, of Patrick and Catharine Maher, born March 29th, bap-
tized April 20th, sponsors Michael Green and Margaret Glass.

Ryan, Michael, of Michael and Hannah Ryan, born April 16th, bap-
tized April 21st, sponsors Moses and Elizabeth Boosee.

Kean, Henry, of William and EleanoifKean, born December 17th, 1775,

baptized April 26th, sponsors Joseph and Anna Elizabeth Wingart,
in Morris county [N. J.J.

Kelly, William, of Luke and Margaret Kelly, born June 13th, 1770, bap-
tized April 28th, sponsors James Maruny and Johanna McDonald,
at Charloltenburg [N. J.].

Larkins, Eva, of John and Anna Larkins, born March 20th, baptized

May 1st, sponsor Eva Fichter, at Longpond [N. J.]



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 17/6. 23!

Cobole, David, of John and Catharine Cobole, born April 27th, baptized

May 1st, sponsors David Fichter and Anna Mary Callin, ibid.

Riiger, Anna Eva, of John and Elizabeth Riiger, born April 12th, bap-
tized May 1st, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Eva Jungfleisch, ibid.

Burns, Anna Catharine, of Laghlin and Margaret Burns, born April

20th, baptized May 2d, sponsors Bartholomew Cobole and Anna
Catharine Cobole, ibid.

Dealy, Mary, of James and Esther Dealy, born August 9th, 1772, bap-
tized May 5th, sponsors Thomas and Magdalen Price, at Mount

Hope [N. J.].

Schaffer, John William, of George and Jeannette Schaffer, born August
9th, 1775, baptized May 5th, sponsors Richard and Mary Murphy,
ibid.

Renschmid, Anna Margaret, of Bernard and Mary Dorothy Renschmid,
born April 9th, baptized May 5th, sponsors Francis Zech and Mai -

garet Engelhard, ibid.

Whetcock, Charles, of Richard and Mary (Brown) Whetcock, born Feb-

ruary 18th, baptized May 5th, sponsors Caspar Engelhard and Grace

Brown, ibid.

Welsh, Mary, of Thomas and Catharine Welsh, born December 21st,

1775, baptized May 5th, sponsors Hugh Ouigg and Anna Catharine

Demuth, ibid.

Holtzhaser, Caspar, of Sebastian and Joanna Holtzhaser, born April 2d,

baptized May 5th, sponsors Caspar and Margaret Engelhard, ibid.

Hiffernan, Joanna, of John and Teresa (P.) Hiffernan, born January
, baptized May 12th, sponsors Henry Grey and Anna Hudson,

at Philadelphia.

Hohms, Emmanuel, of Emmanuel and Mary Magdalen Hohms, born May
7th, bapiize-d May 12th, sponsors Emmanuel and Charlotte Bryer.

Broadfield, Mary, adult, baptized May 15th, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Higgins, Catharine, of Cornelius and Elizabeth Higgins, born May 9th,

baptized May 19th, sponsors William Dean and Eleanor Green.

Cooper, John, of Thomas and Judith Cooper, born May 16th, baptized

May 19th, sponsors John Macoy and Susanna Tricks.

Steiner, James, of Adam and Catharine Steiner, born April llth, bap-
tized May 26th, sponsors James and Catharine Nagel.

Macky, Mary, of John and Elizabeth Macky, born June 30th, 1772, bap-
tized May 26th, sponsors Thomas Whealan and Catharine Shaw.

Boosee, Isaac, of Moses and Elizabeth Boosee, born May 23d, baptized

May 26th, sponsors Michael Ryan and Barbara Graff.

Betagh, John, of Thomas and Josepha Betagh, born May 26th, bap-
tized May 27th, sponsors John Aitkin and Alice Baxter.

Ghillmore, Hannah Dent, wife of James Ghillmore, baptized May 27th,

sponsor Bridget McNamara.
Smith, Catharine, of Daniel and Mary Smith, born May 31st, baptized



232 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

June 2d, sponsors Augustine Power and Margaret Agnew, witness
Archibald Burns.

Laller, John, of Henry and Alice Laller, born May 25th, baptized June
5th, sponsors William Doyle and Elizabeth White.

Brothers, John, of William and Eleanor Brothers, born May 22d, 1775,

baptized June 7th, sponsors Paul Cuningham and Elizabeth Far-

guson.
McFall, Anna, of Patrick and Catharine McFall, born May 17th, bap-

tized June 9th, sponsors Hugh and Margaret Magill.

Grey, John, of and Martha Grey, born March 30th, baptized
June llth, sponsor Mary Hart.

Cully, Anna, of and Mary Cully, born March 30th, baptized

June llth, sponsor Mary Hart.

Sissel, John and ;Mary, twins, of Frederic and Mary Sissel, born June
9th, baptized June llth, sponsors, for John, James Gillmor, for

Mary, Mary Clark.

Fitzgerald, Thomas, of Thomas and Mary Fitzgerald, born June 9th,

baptized June 12th, sponsors John Barret and Anna Gallagher.

Mignio, Mary, of Charles and Pelagia Mignio, born June 13th, baptized

June 13th, sponsors Charles Mignio, Jr., and Mary Sheney.
Gabin, Mary, of James and Catharine Gabin, born June 3d, baptized

June 14th, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Bolton, Mary, of and Catharine Bolton, born January 10th, bap-
tized June 16th, sponsors Thomas Morrey and Mary Carty.

Albrecht, James, of James and Anna Mary Albrecht, born June 10th,

baptized June 16th, sponsors Joseph and Magdalen Springer.

Haas,"John Adam, of Peter and Elizabeth Haas, born June 12th, bap-

tized*June 16th, sponsors John Adam Poth and Martha, his wife.

Egan, John, of William and Eleanor Egan, born August 19lh, 1775, bap-
tized June 18th, sponsors Patrick Kearns and Margaret Scot, in

Burlington county [N. J.J.

Kaffer, Anna, of John and Regina Kaffer, born June 19th, baptized

June 21st, sponsors John Spath and Anna Theusen.

Welte, Tobias, of Bernard and Mary Welte, born June 2d, baptized June
23d, sponsor Tobias Rudolf, and witness Margaret, his wife.

Condon, John, of Michael and Elizabeth Condon, born June 13th, bap-
tized June 23d, sponsor Edward Macoy, and witness Alice Fraser.

O'Neil, Elizabeth, of Barnabas and Barbara O'Neil, born May 12th, bap-
tized June 24th, sponsors Joseph Cromley and Martha Lebeau.

Priigel, Eleanor, of Henry and Margaret Priigel, born December 24th,

1X75, baptized June 24th, sponsors Thomas and Eleanor Green.

Clark, James, of Raphael and Mary Clark, born June 13th, baptized

June 24th, sponsors James Gillmor and Margaret Class.

Cateca, Sarah, a young girl, baptized June 24th, sponsor Joanna Levan.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1776. 233

Jameson, Francis, of Richacd and Martha Jameson, born June 20th,

baptized June 25th, sponsor Mary Selby.

Foy, Mary, of Henry and Sarah Foy, born May 12th, baptized June
30th, sponsors John Gans and Catharine, his wife, at Pikesland

[Chester county, Pa.].

McGuire, Eleanor, of Bartholomew and Catherine McGuire, born June
9th, baptized July 7th, sponsors Henry Schneider and Elizabeth

Bauman.
Duchemin, Mary Barbara, of Daniel and Susanna Duchemin, born Jan-

uary 7th, baptized July 9th, sponsor Sarah Tims.

Lee, William, of Thomas and Mary Lee, born May 1st, baptized July

9th, sponsors Philip and Elizabeth Morris.

Hollaran, James, of Morgan and Catharine Hollaran, born July 8th,

baptized July 9th, sponsors Robert Welsh and Joanna Harden.

Treim, Catharine, of James and Elizabeth Treim, born July 9th, baptized

July 14ih, sponsors Francis Jung and Catherine, his wife.

, James, adult, slave of John Barry, baptized July 16th, sponsor
Hannah, slave of N. White.

Sigfrid, Christian Joseph, of Joseph and Elizabeth Sigfrid, born June 4th,

baptized July 17th, sponsors Christian Schumacher and Anna Mary,
his wife.

Currey, Elizabeth, of Walter and Bridget Currey, born June 28th, bap-
tized July 21st, sponsors John Shelleman and Susanna Doyle.

More, Thomas, of Thomas and Mary More, born May 27th, baptized

July 2lst, sponsor the priest and Anna Macra.

Hayle, Eleanor, of Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle, born July 21st, baptized

July 22d. sponsors Matthew Poor and Catharine Miller in the vicinity
of Philadelphia.

Jung, Mary Magdalen, of Francis and Catharine Jung, born July 19th,

baptized July 24th, sponsors Peter Regimenter and Mary Mag-
dalen, his wife, ibid.

Montgomery, James, born November, 18th, 1771, John, born March 22d,

1774, and William, born May 2d, of John Montgomery, a bap-
tized Moor, and Bridget Maloy, his wife

; sponsors Peter and Mary
Magdalen Regimenter, ibid.

Dun, James, of Richard and Rachel Dun, born October 16th, 1775,

baptized July 25th, sponsors John and Anna Galagher.
Bastian, John, of Joseph and Catharine Bastian.born July 12th, baptized

July 28th, sponsors James Treim and Catharine Tscharte.

More, Anna Mary, of George (P.) and Sarah More, born June 18th, bap-
tized July 28th, sponsors James and Anna Mary Albrecht.

Lawla, James, of James and Mary Lawla, born June 17th, baptized

July 29th, sponsor Anna Morgan.
Cammerloch, Joseph, of John Frederic and Anna Mary Cammerloch,



234 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

born August 1st, baptized August 4th; sponsors Joseph Riibel and
Catharine Stahl, Sr.

Doyle, John George, of James and Christina Doyle, born May 28th, bap-
tized August 4th, sponsors Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner.

Pahl, Elizabeth, of Lawrence and Anna Pahl, born August 4th
; baptized

August 5th, sponsors James and Elizabeth Klein.

Welsh, Andrew, of Richard and Catharine Welsh, born July 31st, bap-
tized August 5th, sponsors John Shelleman and Margaret Ma-

lowny.
Cullen, Margaret, of Jeremiah and Hannah Cullen, born July 20th, bap-

tized August llth, sponsors Gerald Savage and Margaret Martin.

Huston, Charles, of Charles and Anna (P.) Huston, born May 22d, bap-
tized August 14th, sponsors Michael Clark and Eleanor Connely.

Martin, Mary Jessop, wife of Thomas Martin, baptized August 22d,

sponsor Susanna Shaw, in the vicinity of Bristol [Bucks county, Pa.].

Martin, Richard, born December, 1770, baptized August 22d, of Thomas
and Mary Martin, sponsors Daniel Shaw, John Maconigl and James
Robinson, ibid.

Martin, Anna, born August 18th, 1773, baptized August 22d, of Thomas
and Mary Martin, sponsors Daniel Shaw, John Maconigl and James
Robinson, ibid.

Martin, Lawrence, born November 10th, 1775, baptized August 22d, of

Thomas and Mary Martin, sponsors Daniel Shaw, John Maconigl
and James Robinson, ibid.

Maservey, Catharine Barbara, of Thomas and Mary Maservey, born

August 2d, baptized August 25th, sponsors Bonaventure Dartoit and
Barbara Schultz.

Gans, Elizabeth, of Balthasar and Sarah Cans, born June 16th, baptized

September 1st, sponsors John Gans and Anna Mary Weissenburger,
at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.].

Reily, John, of Patrick and Catharine (Regan) Reily, born July llth,

baptized September 1st, sponsors Henry Murphy and Elizabeth

Gans, ibid.

Schindler, Andrew, of Henry (P.) and Mary Catharine Schindler, born

December 29th, 1775, baptized September 1st, sponsors Christian

and Catharine Weissenburger, ibid.

Macalgen, Anna, of Michael and Mary Macalgan, born April 3d, bap-
tized September 2d, sponsors James Carrol and Mary Groanan, in

Chester county [Pa.].

Miller, Anna, of Martin and Anna Miller, born July 31st, baptized Sep-
tember 2d, sponsors Thomas and Margaret Quigley, ibid.

Plain, Joseph, of James (P.) and Catharine Plain, born August 23d, bap-
tized September 6th, sponsor Mary Dodd.

Reinolds, James, of Nathaniel and Eleanor Reinolds, born February 2d,



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1 7/6. 235

1773, baptized September 15th, sponsors Dominic Laurence and
Anna Burns.

Finney, Joseph, of John and Mary Finney, born August 30th, baptized

September 19th, sponsors John Field and Honora Downey.
Forest, Moses, of James and Margaret Forest, born September 20th, bap-

tized September 24th, sponsors James Mullen and Anna Kean.

O'Neal, John, of Henry and Anna O'Neal, born August 18th, baptized

September 23th, sponsors Henry and Sarah Tims.

Warrel, Elizabeth, of Francis and Elizabeth Warrel, born September
19th, baptized September 29th, sponsors Christopher Herberger and
Elizabeth Essling.

Conway, Mary, of James and Elizabeth Conway, born September llth,

baptized October 6th, sponsors John and Anna Hackett^and Bridget

Cooper.
McKue, Luke, of James and Anna McKue, born October 3d, baptized

October 6th, sponsors Jonathan Baxter and Sybilla O'Shoghnocy.
, Catharine, six months old, a black slave of Catharine Tolly, bap-
tized October 7th, sponsor Mary Wood (for Catharine Tolly).

Coffey, Catharine, of George and Catharine Coffey, born October 1st,

baptized October 13th, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Wochman.
Ells, Catharine, of John and Anna Elizabeth Ells, born September 27th,

baptized October 16th, sponsor Catharine Callin, witnesses Peter

Strobel and Catharine Butz, while traveling in New Jersey.

Call, John William, of John Nicholas and Anna Margaret Call, born July

7th, baptized October 17th, sponsor Conrad Phillips, for John Wil-
liam Schaffer, at Change Water [Warren county, N. J.].

Wattcock, Mary, of Richard and Mary Wattcock, born September 12th,

1768, baptized October 20th, sponsors John Burk and Margaret
Kelly, at Mount Hope [N. J.J.

Dealy, Esther, of James and Esther Dealy, born August 18th, baptized
October 20th, sponsors Edward Darmoty and Catharine Welsh,
ibid.

Wattcock, Richard, of Richard and Mary Wattcock, born September
20th, 1773, baptized October 20th, sponsors John and Margaret
Viche, ibid.

Kramer, James, of William and Patience Kramer, born January 18th,

baptized October 20th, sponsors James and Grace Brown, ibid.

Welsh, Mary, of William and Elizabeth Welsh, born April 2d, baptized
October 20th, sponsors Caspar and Margaret Engelhard, ibid.

Powr, Lucy, of Thomas and Susanna Powr, born June 28th, baptized
October 20th, sponsors Francis Dealy and Margaret Engelhard,
ibid.

Hayman, Anna Mary Gertrude and John George, twins, of John and
Susanna Hayman, born July 7th and July 8th, baptized October



236 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

20th, sponsors John Antler and Gertrude Sig for the former, John
George Sig and Anna Catharine Demuth for the latter, ibid.

Philipps, Robert, of John and Mary Philipps, born August 19th, baptized
October 21st, sponsors Caspar and Margaret Engelhard, ibid.

Stuart, Sarah Brewer, wife of John Stuart, baptized October 22d, spon-
sor Catharine Robertson, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Stuart, John, of John and Sarah Stuart, born September 9th, baptized
October 22d, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Anna Mentzenbach, ibid.

Wingart, Julianna, of Joseph and Elizabeth Wingart, born July 19th, cer-

emony supplied October 23d, witnesses Daniel Cobole and Anna
Mary Rieder, ibid.

Marian, Joseph, of Hubert and Anna Mary Marian, born October 22d,

baptized* October 23d, sponsors Joseph Wingart and Catharine

Schott, ibid.

Schop, David, of Philip and Mary Eva Schop, born June 27th, baptized
October 24th, sponsors David Fichter and Mary Lobisa Schop, ibid.

Lawless, Margaret, of Mary and Martin Lawless, born October 17th,

1775, baptized October 26th, sponsors John and Elizabeth Riiger, at

Longpond [N. J.].

May, Magdalen, of Anthony and Margaret May, born June 13th, bap-
tized October 26th, sponsors Nicholas Call and Magdalen May, ibid.

Haycock, Mary, of Thomas (P.) and Sarah Haycock, born September
2d, 1771, baptized October 26th, sponsors David Fichter and Mary
Dentz, ibid.

Monk, William, of John and Margaret Monk, born September 16th, bap-
tized October 27th, sponsors James Fichter (for W. Harrison) and
Eva Fichter, ibid.

Boone, David, of John and Anna Boone, born May 25th, baptized Octo-

ber 27th, sponsors David and Joanna Fichter, ibid.

Cole, Margaret, of Henry and Elizabeth Cole, born March 28th, bap-
tized privately October 27th, witnesses William Lary and Mary
Clark, ibid.

Riddle, Mary Ann, of Thomas and Fanny Riddle, born May 14th, bap-
tized October 27th, sponsors John and Mary Ann Cobole.

Lafarty, Mary, of John and Margaret Lafarty, born March 10th, bap-
tized October 27th, sponsors James Dogherty and Margaret Burns,
ibid.

Grey, Andrew, of John and Anna Grey, born May 23d, baptized Octo-

ber 27th, sponsor Daniel McShafery and witness Mary Burk, ibid.

Freemund, Catharine, of John and Margaret Freemund, born October

29th, baptized conditionally November 4th, sponsors Joseph and
Catharine Egg, in Philadelphia.

McKan, John, of Charles and Catharine McKan, born November 5th,

baptized November 5th, sponsor Daniel Hays and witness Mary
Mathes.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1776. 237

Castela, Bridget, of Richard and Alice Castela, born November 3d, bap-
tized November 10th, sponsors John and Eleanor McConigel.

O'Hara, James, of Bryan and Mary O'Hara, born October 30th, bap-
tized November 10th, sponsors Dennis Dougherty and Barbara

Groff.

Stoop, Hannah, of Andrew and Elizabeth (McGora) Stoop, born October

26th, baptized November llth, sponsor Mary Hart. .

O'Neill, Sarah Turner, wife of Constantine O'Neill, baptized November
16th, sponsor Frederick Scheimer, at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.] .

O'Neill, John, of Constantine and Sarah O'Neill, born September 1st,

baptized November 16th, sponsors Daniel and Elizabeth Scheimer,
ibid.

Bender, John, of Frederic and Catharine (P.) Bender, born September
4th, baptized November 17th, sponsors John and Catharine Cans,
ibid.

Cullen, Thomas, of Thomas and Sabina Cullen, born November 7th,

baptized November 18th, sponsor Michael Connor (for Morgan Con-

nor), at Pottsgrove.

Stuart, Margaret, of James and Mary Stuart, born November 20th, bap-
tized November 22d, sponsors Thomas and Phoebe Stuart, at Phila-

delphia.

Gock, John, of Mathias and Charlotte Gock, born August 29th, bap-
tized November 24th, sponsors Simon Geiger and Mary Geiger, at

Pilesgrove [Salem county, N. J.].

Magill, Stephen, of John and Catharine Magill, about seven months old,

baptized November 24th, sponsors Henry Geiger and Susanna

Thurnbach, ibid.

Lester, Conrad, of Daniel and Catharine Lester, born October 13th, bap-
tized December 1st, sponsors Michael and Joanna Robeson.

Beaufort, Anthony, of Caspar and Anna Beaufort, born November 6th,

baptized December 2d, sponsors Anthony a'nd Mary Lechler.

Loan, Eleanor, of Henry and Catharine Loan, born September 22d,

baptized December 7th, sponsors Charles Tolly and Christina Horn.

Hanley, Thomas, of Thomas and Rachel Hanley, born November
23d, baptized December 8th, sponsors Dennis and Margaret

Dougherty.
L'Hercule, Margaret, of John and Josephine L'Hercule, born December

8th, baptized December 8th, sponsors Peter Leblanc and Margaret
Landry.

Roberts, Mary, of Thomas and Mary Roberts, born August 17th, bap-
tized December 8th, sponsors John Walton and Mary Badford.

Clare, Mary Magdalen, of John and Anna Margaret (Gortz) Clare, born
December 2d, baptized December 10th, sponsors George Ernest and

Mary Magdalen Lechber.



238 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

More, Amy Mary, of Samuel and Elizabeth (Corbet) More, born Novem-
ber 25th, baptized December 19th, sponsor Mary Fowloo.

Seibert, Mary Anna, of Sebastian and Mary Elizabeth Seibert, born
December 4th, baptized December 22d, sponsor Salome Schwartz.

Jacobs, Anna Mary, of William (P.) and Catharine Jacobs, born No-
vember 26th, baptized December 23d. sponsors John and Margaret
Ridiger.

Connoly, Mary,- of William and Elizabeth Connoly, born August 22d,
1773, baptized December 23d, sponsors William Hussy and Susanna
Madole.

Nadler, Philip James, of John and Magdalen Nadler, born December
26th, baptized December 29th, sponsors Philip and Elizabeth Will.

Whole number of baptisms two hundred and three.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1777.

Miller, Mary, of John and Susanna Miller, born December 19th, 1776,

baptized January 1st, sponsor John Christy.

Morris, Elias, of Stephen and Sarah Morris, born October 19th, 1776,

baptized Jauuary 4th, sponsor Mary Hart.

Ryan, James, of Bryan and Margaret Ryan, born September 30th, 1776,

baptized January 6th, sponsor Catharine Beal, witness Henry
Beal.

Rodgers, William, of Francis and Mary Rodgers, born January 8th,

1769, baptized January <Sth, sponsor Rebecca Comely.
Hans, James, of Christopher and Catharine Hans, born December 18th,

1776, baptized January 8th.

Jonston, Anna, of and Mary Jonston, about two years old, bap-
tized January 13th, sponsor Sarah Tool and witness Alexander
Alexander.

Clark, Thomas, of Michael and Mary Clark, born December 19th, 1776,

baptized January 13th, sponsors Patrick and Elizabeth Rice.

Kneul, Catharine Frances, of Balthasar and Christina Kneul, born Jan-

uary 12th, baptized January 19th, sponsor Catharine Frances

Wagner.
Clifton, Elizabeth, of Benjamin and Martha Clifton, born January 23d,

baptized privately January 23d.

Brown, John, of John and Elizabeth (Kelly) Brown, born January 14th,

baptized January 25th, sponsor Wallburga Bremich.

Zeiss, John, of George and Eva Zeiss, born January 2d, baptized Jan-

uary 26th, sponsors Francis Wolf and his wife, Anna Margaret.

Dugan, Thomas, of John and Mary Dugan, born January 23d, baptized

January 26th, sponsors James and Anna Welsh.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPHS CHURCH, A. D. I///. 239

Jonston, Mary, of Peter and Sarah Jonston, born August, 1776, baptized

January 27th, sponsor Mary Jonston.

Savoy, Elizabeth, of Peter and Mary (L'Hercule) Savoy, born January
27th, baptized January 27th, sponsors Peter Denuye du Pommant
and Clara L'Hercule.

McMahan, Jeremiah, of Jeremiah and Susanna McMahan, born Janu-

ary 10th, baptized January 29th, witness John Huntson and spon-
sor Catharine Cook.

Sipplee, Andrew, of Andrew (P.) and Alice Sipplee, born November
25th, 1776, baptized January 30th, sponsor Alice Fitzgerald.

Cuningham, Margaret, of Paul and Margaret Cuningham, born Decem-
ber 7th, 1776, baptized February 2d, sponsors Daniel Whealan and

Mary Byrne.
Welsh, Margaret, of Henry and Mary (Glass) Welsh, born February 2d,

1775, baptized February 2d, sponsors Michael McChristal and
Susanna Doyle.

Burk, Sarah, aged twenty-three years, baptized February 3d, sponsor

Margaret Roage.
Meaz, Sarah, of George and Mary Gertrude Meaz, born about August,

1775, baptized February 9th, sponsor Mary Gertrude Tscharte.

Landy, John, of James and Elizabeth Landy, born January 20th, bap-
tized February 9th, sponsors Peter and Phoebe Duffy.

Blanchard, Peter, of Peter and Mary Blanchard, born February 10th,

baptized February 1 Ith, sponsors Peter Lairette and Anna Le-

beaume.

Dougherty, Martin, of Dennis and Margaret Dougherty, born February
12th, baptized February 13th, sponsors Joseph KaufTman and Mary,
wife of Patrick Byrne.

Mcjilton, William, adult, baptized February 15th, sponsor Barnabas Cox.

Kelly, Mary, of James and Margaret (Dewetter) Kelly, born Decemher
15th, 1776, baptized February 16th, sponsor Catharine Donoly.

Landry, Charles, of Joseph and Sarah Landry, born February 14th, bap-
tized February 16th, sponsors Placidus and Margaret Landry.

Humann, Joseph, of John and Mary Humann, born February 16th,

baptized February 2()th, sponsors Cassian and Anna Mary Huber.

Connor, John, of Michael and Mary Connor, born February 19th,

baptized March 5th, sponsor John Cotringer (for Morgan Connor)
and Catharine Cotringer.

Sylvester, Mary Magdalen, of Simon and Elizabeth (Christman) Sylves-

ter, born January 29th, baptized March 8th, sponsor Mary Magda-
len Christman.

FitzPatrick, Mary Ann, of John and Honora FitzPatrick, born March

6th, baptized March 9th, sponsors Edward McCoy and Eleanor

Welsh.

Motley, Mary, of Walter and Mary Motley, born April 7th, 1776, bap-



24O AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

tized March 9th, sponsors Philip Dwyer and Johanna Motley (for
Rosanna Dwyer).

Welsh, Mary Ann, of Miles and Ann Welsh, born February 23d, bap-
tized March 17th, sponsor Barnabas Magill, in Chester county [Pa.].

Burk, Barbara, of Patrick and Ruth Burk, born September 5th, 1769,

baptized March 20th, sponsor Johanna Fegan.
Burk, Thomas, same parents, born August 29th, 1771, baptized March

20th, same sponsor.

Bartley, Margaret, of Joseph (P.) and Margaret Bartley, born November
25th, 1776, baptized March 22d, sponsor Johanna Fegan.

, Joseph, of Nicholas and Flora, negroes, born October, 1776, bap-
tized March 23d, sponsors Francis and Anna.

Asky, Archibald, of parents unknown, born April 3d, 1773, baptized

April 3d, sponsors Leonard and Mary Anna Lasher.

McCurtin, Mary, of Thomas and Deborah McCurtin, born August 12th
f

1776, baptized April 4th, sponsors Michael Green and Anna De-

leany.

Mitchel, Thomas, of Thomas and Rosanna Mitchel.born January 27th,

baptized April 6th, sponsors Patrick Punch and Anna McMahan.
Gock, Henry, of Lawrence and Christina Gock, born November 16th,

1776, baptized April 9th, sponsors Henry Geiger and Hannah Huber,
at Pilesgrove [Salem county N. J.].

Miller, Susanna, of Mathias and Anna Mary Miller, born December
25th, 1776, baptized April 9th, sponsors Simon Geiger and Susanna

Benner, ibid.

McMullen, James, of Cornelius and Rebecca (P.) McMullen, born Sep-
tember 7th, 1776, baptized privately April 10th, ibid.

Morson, Elizabeth, of - - Morson, born 1775, baptized privately

April 12th.

Stafford, James, of James and Margaret Stafford, born March 25th, bap-
tized April 13th, sponsors James Gillmore and Mary Galagher

Magill, Mary, of James and Mary (P.) Magill, born July, 1764, baptized

April 17th, sponsor Margaret Francis.

Magill, Rachel, same parents, born January, 1770, baptized April 17th,

sponsor Catharine Haug.
Magill, Theresa, same parents, born March, 1773, baptized April 17th,

sponsor Johanna Nickols.

Magill, Elizabeth, same parents, born March, 1773, baptized April 17th,

sponsor Mary Casey.

Joyce, Peter, of Dominic and Jeannette Joyce, born April 9th. baptized

April 2()th, sponsor John Telez and witness Mary Sibbald.

Viel, Susanna, of Peter and Lucretia Viel, born April 13th, baptized

April 20th, sponsors Christopher Herberger and Susanna Viel.

More, George, of David and Eva More, born April 16th, baptized April



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. IJJJ . 2^.1

27th, sponsors Udalric Freind (for George Freind) and Catharine

Freind.

Stalter, Nicholas, of Nicholas and Elizabeth Stalter, born March 7th,

baptized May 4th, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Eva Jungfleisch, at

Longpond [N. J.].

Cahel, Sarah, of Thomas and Eleanor Cahel, born January 28th, bap-
tized May 4th, sponsors David and Johanna Fichter, ibid.

Call, Anna Catharine, of Nicholas, Jr., and Anna Mary Call, ceremony
supplied May 5th, sponsor Anna Catharine Waibl, at Ringwood
[Passaic county, N. J.].

Card, John, of Peter and Sarah (P.) Card, born May 20th, 1775, baptized

May 5th, sponsors Anthony and Margaret May, ibid.

Card, Stephen, same parents, born January , baptized May 5th,

sponsors Henry Call and Mary Catharine Riiger, ibid.

Strickland, Anna, of William and Amy (P.) Strickland, born March llth,

baptized May 5th, sponsors Anthony and Margaret May, ibid.

May, Charles, of James and Magdalen May, born January 29th, bap-
tized May 5th, sponsors Charles Waibl and Anna Mary Cobole,
ibid.

Gordon, Joseph, of Hugh and Margaret Gordon, born December 20th,

1776, baptized May 7th, sponsor Joseph Stecher, at Charlotten-

burg [N. J.].

Stecher, Lawrence Martin, of Joseph and Anna Stecher, born January
16th, baptized May 8th, sponsor Martin Bachman, ibid.

Bachman, Ferdinand, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born May
^^2d, ceremonies supplied May 8th, sponsors John Cobole and Anna

Eva Jungfleisch, ibid.

Zech, Mary Anna, of Francis Anthony and Anna Catharine Zech, born
November 27th, ceremony supplied May 8th, sponsors Joseph
Wingart and Mary Anna Cobole, ibid.

Jones, Mary Ann, of Peter and Mary Jones, born May 13th, baptized

May 20th, sponsors Francis Robutin and Anna Lebeaume.

Gans, George, of John and Catharine Cans, born March 18th, baptized

May 25th, sponsor Catharine Weissenburger, at Pikesland [Chester

county, Pa.].

Schneider, Margaret, of Burchard and Catharine Schneider, born March
31st, 1776, baptized May 25th, sponsors JacobTWeissenburger and
Anna Mary Gans, ibid.

Dugan, Mary, of James and Sarah Dugan, born November 24th, 1776,

baptized May 25th, sponsor Catharine Gans, ibid.

Magee, John, of John and Joanna (Haley) Magee, born March 29th, bap-
tized June 1st, sponsors George Graff and Margaret Sauerwald.

Mealy, Mary, of Jeremiah and Elizabeth Mealy, born April 15th, 1776,

baptized June 2d, sponsors Thomas Villar and Mary Rodt.

Schmeil, Mary Gertrude, of Joseph and Mary Magdalen Schmeil, born



242 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

March 12th, 1776, baptized June 8th, sponsors Peter Christman and

Mary Zangerle.

Ferree, Eleanor, of Joseph and Eleanor Ferree, born May 29th, bap-
tized June 15th, sponsors Joseph Feinauer and Anna Mary Spengler.

Kean, Hugh, of Hugh and Elizabeth Kean, born June 3d, baptized

June 18th, sponsors Nicholas Walter and Mary McDonald.
Talbot, James, of James and Honora Talbot, born May 26th, baptized

June 21st, sponsor Catharine Davis.

Raubin, John, of John and Anna Raubin, born June 26th, baptized June
27th, sponsors Peter L'Airette and Catharine Freind.

Kitzinger, Margaret, of Philip and Ottilia Kitzinger, born June 24th,

baptized June 29th, sponsors Sebastian and Margaret Vanie.

Curren, Thomas, of William and Margaret Curren,born June 28th, bap-
tized July 6th, sponsor Thomas Mulry and witness Catharine Hayd.

Buch, John Joseph, of Joseph and Hannah Buch, born June 17th, bap-
tized July 8th, sponsors Adam Buch (for Joseph Springer) and Mag-
dalen Springer.

Graff, Anthony, of Anthony and Barbara Graff, born July 12th, bap-
tized July 14th, sponsors Joseph Kaufman and Catharine Spengler.

Dorsey, George, of Michael and Catharine Dorsey, born October 5th,

1776, baptized July 17th, sponsor Mary Erwin.

Hanecker, Anthony, of John and Mary Hanecker, born July llth, bap-
tized July 20th, sponsors Anthony and Catharine Lechler.

Riibel, George, of Francis and Regina Riibel, born July 26th, baptized

August '1st, sponsors Adam and Catharine Riibel.

McKenly, Susanna, of Thomas and Euphemia McKenly, born July 19th,

baptized August 2d, the priest being sponsor.

Henesy, James, of John and Margaret Henesy, born July 25th, baptized

August 3d, sponsors Patrick Byrne and Margaret White.

Morton, Sarah, of Lawrence and Jemima (Campbell) Morton, born July

7th, baptized August 4th, sponsor Walburga Bremich.

Scott, John, of Charles and Catharine Scott, born July 12th, baptized

August 9th, sponsors John Halahan and Johanna Fitzgerald.

Benner, John, of Henry and Mary Benner, born August 3d, baptized

August 10th, sponsors John and Eva Poth.

Byrne, Henry Lawrence, of Patrick and Mary Byrne, born August 9th,

baptized August 10th, sponsor Catharine Flahavan.

Lynch, John, of John and Lynch, born August 7th, baptized

August 12th, sponsors Alfred Clifton and Mary Barret.

Powr, John, of Joseph and Amy Powr, born June 8th, baptized August
13th, sponsor Timothy Carrol.

Morris, Edward, of Philip and Elizabeth Morris, born March 19th, bap-
tized August 13th, sponsors John Faran and Mary Watts.

McElwayne, Andrew, of William and Mary McElwayne, born August



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH, A. D. I///. 243

13th, baptized August 14th, sponsors James Dougherty and Mary
Curre> .

Harty, William, of John and Catharine Harty, born August 10th, bap-
tized August 19th, sponsors James Welsh and Rebecca Comely.

Boutin, John Baptist, of John Charles and Pelagia Boutin, born August,
1776, baptized August 24th, sponsor Josephine Gallerm.

Hoffman, Adam, of Adam and Catharine Hoffman, born August 21st,

baptized August 31st, sponsors Adam and Catharine Lechler.

McGovran, Frederick, of Bridget McGovran, servant at Lauterbach's,
born March 20th, 1776, baptized August 31st, sponsor John Mander-
field.

Blum, Barbara, of Anthony and Barbara Blum, born August 25th, bap-
tized August 31st, sponsors Prudence La Jeunesse and Mary Mag-
dalen Davernac.

Weidtner, Elizabeth, of Samuel and Mary Weidtner, born July 6th, bap-
tized privately September 2d.

Buttler, Anna Mary Sophia, of Edward and Anna Buttler, born August
27th. baptized September 2d, sponsor Anna Mary Sophia Cameloch.

Martin, Sarah, of Henry and Margaret Martin, born March 10th, bap-
tized September 2d, sponsors Thomas Dugan and Mary Dealy.

O'Squillian, Joseph, of Francis and Anna O'Squillian, born December
21st, 1776, baptized September 3d, sponsors Bartholomew Tool and

Mary Reilly.

West, Frances, of John and Bridget West, born August 20th, baptized

September ,
witness Edward Reemer and sponsor Johanna

Griffin.

Bray, John, of John and Judith Bray, born September 12th, baptized

September 12th, sponsors Anthony Graff and Catharine Cook.

Gilkar, Catharine, of George and Prudence Gilkar, born August 2()th,

baptized September 14th, sponsors John Aitken and Anna Ducray.
Pay, John, of William and Elizabeth Pay, born September 4th, baptized

September 21st, sponsors John Heffernan and Catharine Huston.

Connor, Margaret, of Simon and Mary Connor, born September 10th,

baptized September 23d, sponsors John Morris and Mary Evan.

Philipps, Sarah, of and Mary Philipps, born May 1st, 1768, bap-
tized September 24th, sponsor Barbara Schultz.

Songfield, Elizabeth, of Frederic and Anna Songfield, six months old,

baptized September 30th, sponsor Mary Johnson.
Dougherty, Edward, of Felix and Johanna Dougherty, born September

26th, baptized October 2d, sponsors Catharine Barnfield and witness
her husband, William.

*

Piercy, Catharine, of John and Margaret (Haly) Piercy, born September
20th, baptized October 2d, sponsor Mary Loyd.

Greswold, Anna, of Joseph and Mary Greswold, born October 1st, bap-
tized October 3d, sponsor Anna Hill.



244 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

McDonald, Mary, of George and Elizabeth McDonald, born August 5th,

1776, baptized October 3d, sponsors John Ryan and Catharine Jack-
son.

Ghibens, Adam, of Henry and Elizabeth Ghibens, born August 21st,

baptized October 5th, sponsors Adam and Catharine Riibel.

Halfpenny, Catharine, of Thomas and Margaret Halfpenny, born Sep-
tember 26th, baptized October 6th, sponsors Thomas O'Hara and
Anna Allen.

McKenley, Elizabeth, of John and Mary McKenley, born September
19th, baptized October 7th, sponsor Anna Barbara Berger.

Patterson, Catharine, of John and Catharine (Rice) Patterson, born Sep-
tember 28th, baptized October 8th, sponsor Margaret fcauerwald.

Bauer, Catharine, of Francis and Elizabeth Bauer, born September 29th,

baptized October 12th, sponsors Adam Poth, Jr., and Catharine

Poth.

Hammel, Crispin, of James and Margaret Hammel, born October 9th,

baptized October 12th, sponsors Edward Faran and Mary Gordon.

Smith, Elizabeth, of James and Anna Smith, born August 17th, bap-
tized October 12th, sponsors James Welsh, Jr., and Johanna Burn.

Metzger, Mary Elizabeth, of John ancl Cecilia Metzger, born October

llth, baptized October 18th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary
Magdalen Lechler.

Dunfield, James, of Edward and Esther Dunfield, born September 12th,

baptized October 18th, sponsors Richard Welsh and Mary Wessels.

Ross, Hugh, of Hugh and Anna (P.) Ross, born October 9th, baptized
October 19th, sponsor Catharine Dougherty.

Brimigeom, George, of John and Margaret Brimigeom, born October

14th, baptized October 19th, sponsors James and Elizabeth Conway.
Web, Anna, of John and Martha Web, born October llth, baptized

October 19th, witness Timothy Burrington and sponsor Mary
Masters.

Tagart, John, of Archibald and Mary Tagart, born August 8th, 1776,

baptized October 23d, sponsor Hannah Curren and witness Mary
Lipper.

Schneider, John, of Henry and Catharine Schneider, born October 20th,

baptized October 26th, sponsors John and Regina Schneider.

Boosee, John, of Moses and Elizabeth Boosee, born October 25th, bap-
tized October 26th, sponsors John Keeth and Barbara Graff.

Welsh, James, of James and Anna Welsh, born October 20th, baptized
October 26th, sponsors John Aitkin and Catharine Malowny.

Krombell, Mary Margaret, of Philip and Margaret Krombell, born Octo-

ber 3 1st, baptized November 2ch, sponsor Tobias Rudolph and wit-

ness his wife, Mary Margaret.

Conrad, Mathias, of Mathias and Catharine Conrad, born November



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH S CHURCH, A. D. 1777. 245

1st, baptized November 4th, sponsor John Wagner and witness

Barbara Steinmetz.

Riibel, Anna Catharine, of Adam and Catharine Riibel, born October

31st, baptized November 4th, sponsors Joseph Riibel and Anna
Catharine Stahl.

Fitzgerald, James, of Richard and Margaret Fitzgerald, born April 2d,

baptized November 13th, sponsors John Campbell and Margaret
Giles, witness Peter Flaharty.

McGrath, Michael, of John and Mary McGrath, born November 5th,

baptized November 14th, sponsors James and Bridget O'Brian.

Mahany, Edward, of Edward and Catharine Mahany, born November
10th, baptized November 15th, sponsors Alfred Clifton and Mary
Dugan, witness Eleanor Donaho.

McHuin, Anna, of James and Anna McHuin, born September 24th,

baptized November 18th, sponsors James and Mary Gorman.

McDonald, Sarah, of Alexander and Honora McDonald, born Novem-
ber 8th, baptized November 24th, sponsors Jeremiah Mealy and

Mary Murphy.
Faran, Mary, of John and Mary Faran, born November 20th, baptized

November 30th, sponsors Thomas McKeavres and Mary Martin.

, Sarah, of Potina, a slave of Thomas Badge, about nine months

old, baptized December 1st, sponsor Mary Badge.

Scheifeltgen, Mary Ann, of Andrew and Catharine Scheifeltgen, born

June llth, baptized December 5th, sponsor Mary Anna Lascher.

Fegan, Edward, of Edward and Margery Fegan, born November 15th,

baptized December 8th, sponsors Fortunatus Adienn and Elizabeth

Sline.

Boudrot, Joseph, of Michael and Anna Boudrot, born December 7th,

baptized December 8th, sponsors Thomas Betagh and Christina

Veit.

Talbert, John, of James and Catharine Talbert, born November 18th,

baptized December llth, sponsors John Manderfeld and Walburga
Bremich.

Caroll, Mary Anna, of James and Mary Caroll, born July 23d, baptized
December 13th, sponsor Catharine Dougherty.

Hagenmiller, John George, of Melchior and Frederika Hagenmiller,
born December 14th, baptized December 15th, sponsors John George
and Elizabeth Bauer, in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Feinauer, John, of Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, born December
17th, baptized December 21st, sponsors John and Christina Staler.

Viel; Susanna, of Paul and Mary Viel, born December 13th, baptized
December 25th, sponsors Nicholas Veil and Catharine Veil, Sr.

Gantly, Mary, of Patrick and Catharine Gantly, born December 5th,

baptized December 25th, sponsor James Hieran.



246 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Owen, William, of John and Alice Owen, born November 1st, baptized
December 26th, sponsor Catharine Hanbury.

Lechler, Anna, of Anthony and Catharine Lechler, born December 18th,

baptized December 27th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Mag-
dalen Lechler.

Horn, George Henry, of Henry and Christina Horn, born December
llth, baptized December 27th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary
Magdalen Lechler.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and forty-eight.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1778.

Carpe, Joseph, of Herman and Margaret Carpe, born December 31st,.

1777, baptized January 1st, sponsors Walter and Mary Fitzgerald.

McFarlin, Mary, of and Catharine McFarlin, born November,.

1777, baptized January 4th, sponsor Elizabeth Townsend.

Erwin, Letitia, of Abraham and Hannah Erwin, born December 30th,.

1777, baptized January 4th, sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Rowin, Mary, of John and Catharine Rowin, born May, 1770, baptized

January 8th, sponsors Peter and Elizabeth Galagher.

Colbert, Elizabeth, of John and Dorothy Colbert, born December 19th,

1777, baptized January 10th, sponsor Mary Albrecht, near Philadel-

phia, Pa.

Kelly, Thomas (O'Reily), of Thomas and Mary Kelly, born January
9th, baptized January 12th, sponsor Dennis McElway.

Hines, Thomas, of Edward and Elizabeth Hines, born December 21st,

1777, baptized January 12th, sponsors Thomas Ellis and Elizabeth

Piercy.

Curran, Hugh, of Thomas and Anna Curran, born November 22d, 1777,

baptized January 17th, sponsor John Curran and witness Grace

Linsey.

, John, of Betty, slave of John Tolly, born September llth, 1777,.

baptized January 19th, sponsor Abraham Readin.

Speir, Mathias, of Mathias and Mary Speir, born November 2d, 1777,.

baptized January 19th, sponsors John Heitz and Margaret Gruber.

Reily, Michael, of Patrick and Catharine Reily, born September 30th,

1777, baptized January 20th, sponsors Patrick Sheahy and Johanna
McElway.

Merchant, William, of James and Eleanor (Cready) Merchant, born De-
cember 3d, 1777, baptized January 25th, sponsors Michael Rollins

and Anna Byrne, and witness Michael Derny.
Blake, Elizabeth, of Michael and Anna Blake, born September 9th,,



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 17/8. 247

1777, ceremonies supplied January 28th, sponsor Mary Albrecht,

in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Betagh, Mary, of Thomas and Margaret Betagh, born January 28th,

baptized January 30th, sponsors John Diamond and Christina Veit.

Graig, John, of Peter and Johanna Mary (Vessels) Graig, born De-
cember 21st, 1777, baptized February 1st, sponsors Peter Eck and
Elizabeth Gotz, in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Welsh, Anna, of John and Catharine Welsh, born January 31st, baptized

February 1st, sponsors Edmund Gnash and Mary Heart, ibid.

Welsh, Thomas, same parents, born January 3 1st, baptized February 1st,

sponsor William Ross, ibid.

Spath, Anna Margaret, of John and Margaret Spath, born January 1st,

baptized February 2d, sponsor Anna Theusen.

Caesar, of Thomas and Letitia, slave of Thomas Leak, three years old,

baptized February 4th, sponsor Catharine Gordon.

William, same parents, two weeks old, baptized February 4th, the same

sponsor.

Rogers, John Herman, of Francis and Mary Rogers, born January 18th,

baptized February 5th, sponsor Mary Vans and witness John Her-
man Puley.

Potie, John George, of Louis and Catharine Potie, born December 15th,

1777, baptized February 8th, sponsors Elizabeth Slauch and wit-

nesses George Shear and Margaret Young.
Pranger, Barbara, of William and Catharine Pranger, born February

"

9th, baptized conditionally February 15th, sponsors Anthony Bas-

tian and Barbara Krumholtz.

Briar, Paul, of Emmanuel and Mary Briar, born February 8th, baptized

February 15th, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Giinther, John, of John George and Frances Gunther, born February
16th, baptized February 18th, sponsors John Wagner and Cathar-

ine, his wife.

Benner, Henry, of Martin and Christina Benner, born February 8th,

baptized February 22d, sponsors Henry and Mary Benner.

Devenac, Mary, of Joseph and Magdalen Devenac, born February 21st,

baptized February 22d, sponsors John Peter Defelon and Mary
Vincent.

Smith, Michael, of Michael and Rosa Smith, born November 13th, bap-
tized March 7th, sponsor Margaret Corcran.

Boyde, Richard, of Patrick and Anna Boyde,born February 16th, baptized
March 8th, sponsor Edward Cavenogh and witness his wife, Eliza-

beth.

Berg, Mary Gertrude, of Ernest and Mary Gertrude Berg, born March
6th, baptized March 10th, sponsors Christopher and Mary Dorothy
Tscharte, in vicinity of Philadelphia.



248 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Hoffman, Anna Margaret, of John and Christina Hoffman, born Febru-

ary 17th, baptized March 10th, sponsor Walburga Bremich, ibid.

Wilhelm, John, of John Adam and Anna Wilhelm, born February 21st,

baptized March 15th, sponsors John and Christina Stahler.

Broadley, John, of Thomas and Mary Broadley, born December 1st,

1777, baptized March 19th, sponsors Patrick Ladwith and Anna
Kelly.

Schreiner, Anna, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born March 15th,

baptized March 22d, sponsors Joseph and Anna Eck.

Ridigcr, Catharine, of John and Margaret Ridiger, born March 19th,

baptized March 22d, sponsors Peter Hegner, Jr., and Catharine

Vanie.

Hardnet, Honora, of James and Johanna Hardnet, born March 9th, bap-
tized March 29th, sponsors Edward Macoy and Anna Maher.

Waltrich, John Henry, of Peter and Catharine Waltrich, born Novem-
ber 14, 1777, baptized April 3d, sponsors Henry and Catharine

Schneider.

Bartley, Catharine, of James and Eleanor Bartley, born December 26th,

1777, baptized April 5th, sponsors Edward Dunfee and Esther

Dunfee, in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Campbel, Joseph, of John and Catharine Campbell, born April 8th,

baptized April 14th, sponsors Joseph Whiteaker andWinifred Austin.

Spangler, George, of George and Anna Mary Spangler, born April 4th,

baptized April 16th, sponsors Anthony Graff and Catharine Spangler.

Lester, Margaret, of Daniel and Catharine Lester, born April 5th, bap-
tized April 16th, sponsors Thomas and Margaret Betagh.

Biron, Henrietta, of William and Wilhelmina Biron,.born February 9th,

baptized April 20th, sponsors John Dun and Mary Ryan.
Barret, Richard, of John and Bridget Barret, born April 14th, baptized

April 23d, sponsors Richard Barret and Mary Byrne.

Yarock, Anna Mary, of Matthew and Allinavia Yarock, born April 8th,

baptized April 25th, sponsors Hugh O'Brian and Mary Badge.

Champain, Stephen, of Stephen and Mary (Benoit) Champain, born April

24th, baptized April 25th, sponsors Gregory Trahan and Margaret

Bourg.

Tumy, William, of Dennis and Anna Tumy, born April 23d, baptized

April 26th, sponsors James Hays and Mary Martin.

Doyle, Joseph, of John and Esther Doyle, born December 3d, 1777, bap-
tized May 4th, sponsor Mary Madgalen Lechler.

Duffy, Elizabeth, of Peter and Phoebe Duffy, born May 2d, baptized

May 4th, sponsors James Gillmor and Margaret Readin.

Morgan, John, of John and Anna Morgan, born April 30th, baptized

May 4th, sponsor Francis Connor.

Ross, Margaret, of Thomas and Elizabeth (Hansley) Ross, born May 1st,

baptized May 5th, sponsor Judith Power.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1778. 249

Hohl, John, of Peter and Catharine (Miller) Hohl, born May 2d, baptized

May 5th, sponsors John Rudolph and Mary Bodevin, in vicinity of

Philadelphia.

Flammins, Margaret, of George and Julia Flammins, born February
23d, baptized May 13th, sponsor Margaret Sauerwald.

Gerard, Thomas, of William and Eleanor Gerard, born February 4th,

baptized May 24th, sponsors Thomas O'Dwyer and Mary Small.

Murphy, Elizabeth, of Daniel and Julia Murphy, born May 8th, bap-
tized May 24th, sponsors Jeremiah Macarty and Christina Schuman.

Delamar, William, of Thomas and Mary Delamar, born March 1st, bap-
tized May 25th, sponsors Alexander Lishman and Mary McMullen.

Fudge, William, of James and Anna Fudge, born October 23d, 1777,

baptized May 26th, sponsor Barbara Schultz.

Barret, Edward, of James and Mary Barret, born February , baptized

May 27th, sponsors John O'Neil and Margaret Groghan.
Wilkison, Hannah, thirteen years old, baptized May 29th, sponsor

Deborah Blanchard.

Dawson, Anna, of James and Mary (Philips) Dawson, born May 12th,

baptized June 1st, sponsor Mary Hart.

Maudsley, John, of John Cavendish and Eleanor Maudsley, born Janu-
ary 30th, baptized June 1st, sponsor Clement Maudsley and witness

Dennis Dowlan.

Lederman, Mary Catharine, of John and Catharine Lederman, born

May 18th, baptized June 7th, sponsors Joseph and Elizabeth Becker.

Rittisheim, John, of John and Catharine Rittisheim, born December
28th, 1775, baptized June 9th, sponsor Lawrence Connor, at Ken-

sington.

Rittisheim, Anna Catharine, same parents, born March 7th, baptized

June 9th, sponsor Julianna Abt, ibid.

Byrne, Mary Ann, of Raymond and Anna Byrne, born June 12th, bap-
tized June 14th, sponsors Timothy Carrol and Mary Byrne.

Shaw, Anna, of Daniel and Susanna Shaw, born March 7th, baptized

June 21st, sponsors John McOnigl and Eleanor, his wife.

Regimenter, Catharine, of Peter and Magdalen Regimenter, born

June 27th, baptized July 1st, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck,
near Philadelphia.

Whealin, John (Park), of Edward and Catharine Whealin, born June
2d, baptized July 15th, sponsors John Park and Mary Anna Riole.

Wall, Joseph, of Patrick and Anna Wall, born April 2d, 1777, baptized

July 19th, sponsors Barnabas Mullen and Margaret Corcran.

Bayerle, George, of Dieterich and Sabina Bayerle, born March 16th,

1777, baptized July 19th, sponsor George Abt and witness Magda-
len Wibiro.

Buckley, Mary, of James and Mary Buckley, born June 28th, baptized

July 27th, sponsors John Callanan and Mary Buttler.



250 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Alexander, Joanna, of John and Catharine Alexander, born October,

1776, baptized August 4th, sponsor Sarah Aman.
Alexander, Mary, same parents, born July 31st, baptized August 4lh,

sponsor Susanna McDowl.
Oelers, Catharine .Elizabeth, of James and Catharine Oelers, born

August 5th, baptized August 5th, sponsors the priest and Chris-

tina Horn.

Mignion, Lawrence, of Charles and Pelagia Mignion, born August llth,

baptized August llth, sponsors the priest and Margaret Landry.
Becker, Mary, of Bartholomew and Elizabeth Becker, born August 5th,

baptized August 15th, sponsors Lawrence and Magdalen Schone.

Hueber, Sarah, of Michael and Anna Hueber, born June 18th, baptized

August 16th, sponsor Salome Schwaitz.

Tims, Mary, of Henry and Anna Tims, born April 31st, baptized August
23d, sponsors James Hicky and Eleanor Hollys, at Pikesland

[Chester county, Pa.].

Welsh, Eleanor, of Miles and Anna Welsh, born July 23d, baptized

August 24th, sponsors Daniel FitzPatrick and Anna Tims, at White-

land [Chester county, Pa.].

Glimpson, Mary, of William and Sarah Glimpson, born July 9th, bap-
tized August 24th, sponsors Francis Sohl and Anna Welsh, ibid.

Campbel, Margaret, of John and Anna Campbell, born August 31st,

1777, baptized August 24th, sponsor Miles Welsh, ibid.

Lamy, Mary, of James and Hannah Lamy, born March 30th, baptized

August 25th, sponsors Daniel FitzPatrick and Anna Tims, at

Goshen [Pa.].

Schiitz, Magdalen, of Jodocus and Sarah Schiitz, born February 28th,

1776, baptized September 7th, sponsor Magdalen Schiitz, in Salem

county.

Schiitz, Joseph, of Joseph and Louisa Schiitz, born June 23d, 1777, bap-
tized September 7th, sponsor Magdalen Schiitz, ibid.

Geiger, John, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born February 8th, bap-
tized September 8th, sponsors John and Catharine Bucher, ibid.

Kessler, Helen, of Andrew and Catharine Kessler, born August llth,

1777, baptized September 9th, sponsors George Sigfrid and Catha-

rine Kessler, Jr., at Gloucester [N. J.].

Moore, John, of Michael and Bridget Moore, born September 5th, bap-
tized September 12th, sponsors Henry Lynch and Mary Brannon.

Galagher, William, of Andrew and Johanna Galagher, born August 1st,

baptized September 14th, sponsor Elizabeth Clark and witness

Edward Hevington.

Currey, Mary, of Walter and Bridget Currey, born September 10th, bap-
tized September 20th, sponsors Joseph and Mary Feinauer.

Prigl, Mary, of Henry and Margaret Prigl, born September llth, bap-
tized September 20th, sponsor Elizabeth Dimond.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1778. 25!

Sig, Helen, of John George and Gertrude Sig, born November 4th, 1777,

baptized September 27th, sponsors Francis Zech and Magdalen
Welker (for Helen Menzebach), at Mount Hope [N. J.].

Power, Anna Mary, of Thomas and Susanna Power, born June 24th,

baptized September 27th, sponsors Edward Darmoty and Mary
Grinder, ibid.

Weber, Margaret, of James and Anna Catharine Weber, born July 24th,

baptized September 27th, sponsor Margaret Engelhard, ibid.

Fichter, Philip, of David and Johanna Fichter, born September 1 1th, 1777,

baptized September 27th, sponsors Louis Herman (for Philip Schup)
and Catharine Zech, ibid.

Holzheber, Peter Joseph, of Sebastian and Johanna Holzheber, born May
2d, baptized September 27th, sponsors Peter Joseph and Mary Grips,
ibid.

Schup, Anna Mary, of Philip and Mary Eva Schup, born March 27th,

baptized September 29th, sponsors Jacob Fichter and Anna Mary
Mentzebach, at Charlottenburg [N. J.].

Marian, Henry, of Hubert and Mary Marian, born July 18th, baptized

September 30th, sponsors Martin Bachman and Barbara Welker,
ibid.

Cobole, Catharine, of Daniel and Mary Anna Cobole, born September
29th, 1777, ceremony supplied September 30th, sponsors Francis

Zech and Catharine Coblin, ibid.

Seeholtzer, Mary Barbara, of Martin and Elizabeth Seeholtzer, born

July 28th, ceremony supplied September 30th, sponsors Daniel

Cobole and Barbara Welker, ibid.

Schley, James, of Conrad and Anna Schley, born June 28th, baptized
October 2d, sponsor James Fichter and witness Catharine Ward
at Longpond [N. J.J.

Burns, Eleanor, of Laghlin and Margaret Burns, born August 29th, bap-
tized October 3d, sponsors (I think) John Cobole and wife, ibid.

Robertson, Mary, of Dominic and Mary Catharine Robertson, born

August 1st, 1777, baptized October 3d, sponsors James Dogherty
and Anna Mary Mentzebach, ibid.

Cobole, Henry, of Bartholomew and Mary Anna Cobole, born January
19th, baptized October 4th, sponsors John Cobole and Catharine

Cobole (for Mary Anna Cobole, Sr.), ibid.

Corbit, William, of John and Mary Anna Corbit, born July 3d, 1773,

baptized October 4th, sponsor William Fitzgerald, ibid.

Fitzgerald, Bridget, of William and Margaret Fitzgerald, born Novem-
ber 1st, 1777, baptized October 4th, sponsors James Ward and Leah

Mace, ibid.

Sanderson, James, of Thomas and Margaret Sanderson, born July 15th,

baptized October 4th, sponsors John McLatighlin and Eleanor Cahel,

ibid,



252 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Marsole, John Francis, of Peter and Dorcas Marsole, born January 8th,

baptized October 4th, sponsors John and Johanna Swiney, ibid.

Dentz, Sarah, of Charles and Mary Ann Dentz, born September 24th,.

baptized October 4th, sponsors Charles and Susanna Waibl, ibid.

McKormick, Catharine, of Edward and Charity McKormick, born May
26th, 1777, baptized October 4th, sponsor Catharine Gobole, ibid.

May, John, of James and Magdalen May, born June 20th, baptized
October 4th, sponsors John Cobole and Julianna May, ibid.

Brady, Mary, of Adam and Eva Brady, born December 24th, 1777, bap-
tized October 4th, sponsors Thomas and Eleanor Cahel, ibid.

Lafarty, Sarah, of John and Margaret Lafarty, born March 21st, bap-
tized October 4th, sponsors William Fitzgerald and Johanna Swiney,
ibid.

Call, John Henry, of Henry and Catharine Call, born April 21st, bap-
tized October 4th, sponsors Henry Reitenauer and Catharine Waibl,
ibid.

Dentz, Mary Anna, of Charles and Mary Anna Dentz, born May 17th,

1777, ceremonies supplied October 4th, sponsor Catharine Cobole,
ibid.

Cobole, Charles, of John and Catharine Cobole, born April 30th, cere-

monies supplied October 4th, sponsors Charles and Susanna
Waibl, ibid.

Schaga, Anna Elizabeth, of John George and Jeannette (P.) Schaga,
born September 2d, baptized October 6th, sponsors James Welker
and Gertrude Sig, at Mount Hope [Morris county, N. J.].

, Alice, slave of William Schafer, baptized October 6th, sponsor
the same, in Hunterdon county.

Scantlen, Elizabeth, of John and Bridget Scantlan, baptized October
10th by Rev. Father Valerian Durand, O. S. F., at Chester, Pa.

Gleicher, Barbara, of Francis and Gertrude Gleicher, born October 7th r

baptized October 12th, sponsor Barbara Staling.

Ghillmor, Mary and Elizabeth, twins, of James and Hannah Ghillmor,
born October 17th, baptized October 17th, sponsor for both Eliza-

beth Boosee.

Lort, Isaac, of Isaac and Anna Lort, born October 22d, baptized Octo-
ber 23d, sponsors Joseph and Mary Greswold.

Murphy, Margaret, of Daniel and Catharine Murphy, born April 20th,

baptized October 24th, sponsor Francis Lewis.

Weiler, Elizabeth, of Francis and Mary Weiler, born October 24th, bap-
tized October 25th, sponsors John and Margaret Ridiger.

Schilling, John Philip, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born October 29th,

baptized October 29th, sponsor Tobias and witness Margaret
Rudolph.

Rodt, George, of Thomas and Mary Rodt, born September 28th, bap-
tized October 30th, sponsor Mary Brown (I think).



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 17/8. 253

Abt, John George, of Henry and Elizabeth Abt, born September 13th,

baptized November 1st, sponsors John George Abt and Catharine

Keil.

Cammerloch, Anna Mary, of Frederic (P.) and Anna Mary Cammer-
loch, born October 30th, baptized November 1st, sponsor Anna
Mary Albrecht.

Dorgan, Daniel, of Timothy and Catharine Dorgan, born July 18th, bap-
tized November 2d, sponsors Christopher Schultz and Mary Hare.

Stout, Mary Elizabeth, of John and Margaret Stout, born October 14th,,

baptized November 8th, sponsors George Ernest and Magdalen
Lechler.

Morrison, Edward, of Philip and Elizabeth Morrison, born August 25th,

baptized November 8th, sponsor Catharine Schmid.

Kauffman, James, of Joseph and Barbara Kauffman, born November
13th, baptized November 13th, sponsor the priest, in Philadelphia

county.
Miller, Martin, of Martin and Anna Miller, born October 21st, baptized

November 15th, sponsors Frederick Scheimer and Catharine

Scheimer, at Pikesland [Pa.J.

Geiger, Matthew, of Simon and Anna Mary Geiger, born September 27th ,

baptized November 22d, sponsors Matthew and Anna Mary Miller,

in Cohansey [N. J.].

McHughin, Mary, of John and Martha McHughin, born February 28ih,

1776, baptized November 23d, sponsors Edward Coleman and Cath-

arine Bucher, at Pilesgrove [Salem county, N. J.].

Ghibens, Adam, of Henry and Mary (Nunck) Ghibens, born October 31st,

baptized December 1st, sponsors Adam and Catharine Riibel.

Rowel, Sarah, of Thomas and Johanna Rowel, baptized December 2d,

sponsor John Honecker.

Welte, Mary Margaret, of Bernard and Mary Welte, born December 1st,

baptized December 13th, sponsor Tobias and witness Margaret
Rudolf.

Seibert, Sophia, of Sebastian and Elizabeth Seibert, born December 13th,

baptized December 14th, sponsor Mary Salome Schwartz.

Rogers, John, of John and Mary (Brian) Rogers, born November 10th,

baptized December 14th, sponsor Bridget Flin.

Roadman, Elizabeth, of Michael and Johanna Roadman, born April

15th, 1770, baptized December 16th, witness Mary Henry.
Dealy, Mary, of Daniel and Mary Dealy, born October 21st, baptized

December 18th, sponsors James Proffy and Anna Hackett.

McDaniel, John, of John and Elizabeth McDaniel, born December llth,

baptized December 20th, sponsor John Manderfelt and witness

Mary Flaharty.

Donahy, William, of Cormick and Elizabeth Donahy, born October

31st, baptized December 20th, sponsor Mary Rennet.



254 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Stuart, Mary, of James and Anna Mary Stuart, born November 2d, bap-
tized December 20th, sponsor Elizabeth Pfafferley.

Scot, Dorothy, of John and Margaret Scot, born February 6th, 1776,

baptized December 25th, sponsor Terence Donahan.

Galagher, John, of Peter and Elizabeth Galagher, born December 12th,

baptized December 28th, sponsors John and Johanna Mary Leavan.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and forty-six.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1779.

Grier, Anthony, of Charles and Catharine Grier, born January 3d, bap-
tized January 5th, sponsors Thomas Villar and Catharine Magee.

Nadler, Elizabeth, of John and Magdalen Nadler, born January 3d, bap-
tized January 10th, sponsors Henry Schreiner and Elizabeth Gotz.

Mahony, John, of William and Catharine Mahony, born November 9th,

1778, baptized January 10th, sponsors Andrew Birge and Mary
Smith.

Connor, Mary, of Michael and Mary Connor, born January 3d, baptized

January 10th, sponsors Thomas and Catharine FitzSimons.

Coffey, Mary, of John and Lydia Coffey, born January 15th, baptized

January 16th, sponsor Pelagia Mignot.
- Francis, born January 18th, baptized January 18th, sponsor

Christina Essling.

Hault, Adam, of Samuel (P.) and Catharine (Gock) Hault, born January
13th, baptized January 18th, sponsors Adam Mayer and Mary
Gock.

Ott, Joseph, of James (P.) and Appollonia Ott, born January 18th, bap-
tized January 22d, sponsors Joseph Becker and Elizabeth Becker.

Motley, Walter, of Walter and Mary Motley, born December 6th, 1777,

baptized January 25th, sponsors Timothy McNamra and Anna

Campbel.
Riibel, Francis, of Francis and Anna Regina Riibel, born January 23d,

baptized January 26th, sponsors John and Barbara Heitz.

Runy, William, of William and Margaret Runy, born June 29th, 1778,

baptized January 30th, sponsor William Dixon.

Dixon, George, of William and Mary Dixon, born January 3d, baptized

January 30th, sponsor Henry Beal.

Bauer, John, of John and Elizabeth Bauer, born January 19ch, baptized

January 30th, sponsors John Sedou and Eleanor Wright.

Ryan, Mary, of Owen and Mary Ryan, born January 25th, baptized Feb-

ruary 2d, sponsors Thomas Haley and Johanna Robeson.

Greswold, Anna, of Joseph and Anna Greswold, born February 3d, bap-
tized February 7th, sponsor Anna Hill.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 17/9. 255

Roan, Anna, of Daniel and Mary Roan, born February 4th, baptized

February 14th, sponsors Edward Coghran and Julia Murphy.
Wall, Hannah, of Galloway and Wall, slave, born June llth, 1778,

baptized February 14th, sponsor Hannah White, slave.

,
Eva Magdalen, born January 15th, baptized February 14th, spon-

sors John and Eva Poth.

Barry, Anna, of Thomas and Anna Barry, born February 15th, baptized

February loth, sponsor John Barrj and witness Sarah, his wife.

Murphy, Elizabeth, of William and Mary Murphy, born May 5th, 1777,

baptized February 19th, sponsors James Hardnet and Mary Cor-

cran.

Schmid, Peter, of Nicholas and Eva Schmid, born January 20th, bap-
tized February 21st, sponsors Peter Bremich and Catharine Keil.

Macy, Julia, of Nicholas and Ositha Macy, born February 22d, baptized

February 25th, sponsors James Veilon and Julia Marc.

Williams, Elizabeth, of Joseph and Eleanor Williams, born February
4th, baptized March 1st, sponsors Richard Barry and Mary Henry.

Boye, Mary, of Peter and Magdalen (Trahan) Boye, born March 3d, bap-
tized March 5th, sponsors Francis Deherle and Mary Vincent.

Hutchinson, Margaret, of N. and Margaret Hutchinson, born March 4th,

bapiized March 9th, sponsors Edward Tool and Eleanor McCul-

logh.

Raubin, Peter Louis, of John and Anna (Vincent) Raubin, born March

12th, baptized March 13th, sponsors Peter L'Airette and Catharine

Freind.

L'Hercule, Nicholas, of John and Josephine (D'Aroit) L'Hercule, born

March loth, baptized March 15th, sponsors Nicholas Mazy and Mo-
desta Landry.

Griffin, John, of James and Elizabeth Griffin, born March 20th, baptized
March 2 1st, sponsors Frederic Scheimer and Mary Magdalen Sohl,

at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.].

Hayle, Anna Dorothy, of Caspar and Elizabeth Hayle, born March

20th, baptized March 25th, sponsors John and Hannah Dorothy
Zorne.

Martin, Eleanor, of Patrick and Mary Martin, born March 2lst, baptized
March 28th, sponsors Patrick Crawfordson and Eleanor Welsh.

Flin, John, of John and Bridget Flin, born February 21st, baptized
March 29th, sponsors William and Catharine Banfield.

Byron, Mary, of Walter and Margaret Byron, born March 21st, baptized

April 4th, sponsors Mathew McHugh and Elizabeth Carrol.

Albrecht, Frederic, of James and Anna Mary Albrecht, born April 4th,

baptized April 5th, sponsors the child's father (for Frederick Cam-

merloch) and Sophia Cammerloch.

Roberts, James, of Henry and Margaret Roberts, born January 1st, bap-



256 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

tized April 9th, sponsor Margaret Bremich, witnesses Richard
Wilson and Mary Johnson.

Trepanie, Anna Margaret, of Augustine and Anna (Davis) Trepanie, born

April 15th, baptized April 15th, sponsors Bruce Trepanie and
Magdalen Vincent.

Kelly, John, of James and Anna Mary Kelly, born March 29th, baptized
April 18th, sponsors John Dewetter and Catharine Donnply.

Sheal, Benjamin, of John and Anna Sheal, born December 19th, 1776,

baptized April 22d, sponsors Francis and Catharine Zech, at Mount
Hope [N.J.].

Sheal, Sarah, of same parents, born February 23th, baptized April 22d,

sponsors Caspar and Margaret Engelhart, ibid.

Robertson, John, of Dominic and Catharine Robertson, born March 28th,

baptized April 25th, sponsors John and Catharine Cobole, at Long
Pond [N. J.].

Theusen, Henry, of and Mary (P.) Theusen, born December 14th,

1778, baptized April 25th, sponsors Anthony and Margaret May, ibid.

May, Conrad, of Anthony and Margaret May, born March 23d, baptized

April 25th, sponsors Conrad Waibel and Julianna May, ibid.

Riddles, Margaret, of Thomas and Frances Riddles, born December 2d,

1778, baptized April 25th, sponsors James Daugherty and Margaret
Burns, ibid.

Wider, Anna Catharine, of Joseph and Margaret Wider, born October

18th, 1778, baptized May 2d, sponsors Francis and Catharine Zech,
at Mount Hope [N. J.].

Zech, John James, of Francis and Catharine Zech, born January 13th,

baptized May 2d, sponsors James Welker and Eva Jungfleisch, ibid.

Grips, Elizabath, of Peter Joseph and Mary Grips, born January 17th,

baptized May 2d, sponsors John and Honora Turk, ibid.

Schaffer, Anna Eva, of William and Susanna Schaffer, born October 1 3th,

1778, baptized May 5th, sponsors James Ruppel and Anna Cathar-

ine Horn.

Franklin, Thomas, of Francis (P.) and Mary Franklin, born January 3d,

baptized May 6th, sponsor Bridget Jinnins.

Doyle, James, of John and Esther Doyle, born May 2d, baptized May
7th, sponsor Susanna Doyle.

Loan, Catharine, of Henry and Catharine Loan, born September 8th,

1778, baptized May 9th, sponsors John Hany and Mary Shiney.

Stattenfeld, Elizabeth, of James and Christina Stattenfeld, born March

30th, baptized May llth, sponsor Catharine Freind.

Swiney, Edmund, of James and Catharine Swiney, born December

28th, 1778, baptized May 12th, sponsor Denis Kelly.

Douett, Sarah, of William and Sarah Douett, born May 15th, baptized

May 15th, sponsor Mary Roanan.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 17/9. 257

Lary, Catharine, of Cornelius and Margaret Lary, born May 12th, baptized

May 17th, sponsors Edmund McDonald and Bridget Donaho.

Schonfeld, John, of John Christian and Mary Anna Schonfeld, born

1775, baptized May 24th, sponsor John Miller.

Schonfeld, Michael, of John Christian and Mary Anna Schonfeld, born

1777, baptized May 24th, sponsor John Miller.

Vogel, James, of Adam (P.) and Margaret Vogel, born November 30th,

1772, baptized May 27th, sponsors Anthony Graff and Mary Waas,
in Gloucester county [N. J.].

Vogel, Adam, of Adam (P.) and Margaret Vogel, born July 7th, 1776,

baptized May 27th, sponsors Anthony Graff and Mary Waas, ibid.

Boosee, Margaret Apollonia, of Henry (P.) and Margaret Boosee, born

April 3d, baptized May 30th, sponsors Francis and Apollonia Sohl,
at Pikesland [Pa.].

O'Neil, Henry, of Constantine and Sarah O'Neil, born January 24th,

baptized June 1st, sponsors John Kauffman and Barbara Kauffman.

Briar, Paul, of Emmanuel and Magdalen Briar, born June 1st, baptized

June 3d, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Vosser, Valentine, of Valentine (P.) and Susanna (Bener) Vosser, born

January 21st, baptized June 6th, sponsors Christian and Susanna

Thurnbach, in Cumberland county [N. J.].

Thurnbach, Mathias, of Christian and Susanna Thurnbach, born Novem-
ber 27th, 1778, baptized June 6th, sponsors Matthew Gock and Eva
Lehman, ibid.

Miller, Joseph, of Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, born March 6th, bap-
tized June 6th, sponsors Matthew and Charlotta Gock, ibid.

Caspar, Mary Anna, of Lawrence and Margaret Caspar, born January
28th, baptized June 6th, sponsors Mathias and Anna Mary Miller,

ibid.

Gock, Mathias, of Mathias and Charlotta Gock, born March 27th, bap-
tized June 6th, sponsors Matthew and Anna Mary Miller, ibid,

McHuin, John, of John and Martha McHuin, born May 6th, baptized

June 7th, sponsors Miles Dougherty and Eleanor (Narret) McCarty,
in Salem county [N. J.].

Magill, Thomas, of Patrick and Elizabeth Magill, born October 21st,

1778, baptized June 7th, sponsors John and Martha McHuin,
ibid.

Narret, John, of James (P.) and Eleanor Narret, born December 23d,

1778, baptized June 7th, sponsors Philip McHugh and Hannah
Hart, ibid.

Albou, Anna, of Edmund and Honora Albou, born June 5th, baptized

June 13th, sponsors William and Anna Sanderson.

McClasky, Elizabeth Gregory, wife of James McClasky, baptized June
18th, sponsor Eleanor Connelly.



258 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

McClasky, James, of James and Elizabeth McClasky, born May 25th,.

baptized June 18th, sponsors George and Eleanor Connelly.
Brewer, George, of Jonathan (P.) and Margaret Brewer, born May 25th,

baptized June 19th, witness George and sponsor Catharine Atkin-

son.

Landy, Mary, of James and Elizabeth Landy, born June 13th, baptized

June 20th, sponsor Henry Dubbin and witness Mrs. Peter Duffy.

Klemmer, John, of John and Anna MaryKlemmer, born December 28d,

1776, baptized June 22d, sponsor Joseph Haag, in Burlington county

[N. J.].

Scot, Mary, of John and Margaret Scot, born May 29th, baptized June
23d, sponsors Patrick Kearns and Catharine Hogan, ibid.

Hoy, George, of John and Catharine Hoy, born July 26th, 1776, bap-
tized June 24th, sponsors John Scot and Catharine Hogan, ibid.

Welsh, John, of James and Anna Welsh, born June 25th, baptized June
29th, sponsors Stephen and Catharine Barden.

Dauber, Peter, of Sebastian and Mary Magdalen Dauber, born June 1st,,

baptized July 5th, sponsors Peter and Mary Magdalen Regimenter,
in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Willcox, Mary, of John and Rebecca Willcox, born March 17th, 1775,.

baptized July llth, sponsor Joseph Colgan (for Patrick Byrne) and

Mary Byrne.

Willcox, John, of same parents, born November 19th, 1777, baptized

July llth, sponsors James Byrne and Elizabeth White.

Buttler, Lawrence, of Michael and Priscilla Buttler, born December 18th,.

1776, baptized July 14th, sponsors Patrick O'Neal and Susanna Ma-

ginnis.

Barry, Sarah, wife of John Barry, baptized July 21st, sponsor Anna Barry..

Lalor, Henry, of Henry and Alice Lalor, born July 19th, baptized July

25th, sponsors John and Johanna Levins.

Cuny, John, of James and Mary Cuny, born June 29th, baptized Au-

gust 1st, sponsors Barnabas Cox and Eleanor Karker, at Pikes-

land [Chester county, Pa.].

Dun, Catharine, of and Sarah (McKee)Dun, born December 25th,

1774, baptized August 1st, sponsors Edward Burns and Mary Mc-

Donald, ibid.

Bryan, John, of John and Mary Bryan, born January 5th, baptized Au-

gust 1st, sponsors Mark Welsh and Anna Campbel, ibid.

McCanna, Anna, of John and Sarah McCanna, born May 16th, baptized

August 1st, sponsors Jeremiah Noce and Margaret Kean, ibid.

Kraus, John, of John and Elizabeth Kraus, born February 24th, baptized

August 1st, sponsors Francis and Apollonia Sohl, ibid.

McMahan, Jeremiah, of Jeremiah and Susanna McMahan, born Febru-

ary 24th, baptized August 6th, sponsor Margaret Connel.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1 7/9. 2$ty

Shaw, Jeremiah, of Dennis and Anna Shaw, born April , baptized

August 8th, sponsors Patrick and Martha Welsh.

Tracy, William, of Matthew and Mary Tracy, born August 4th, baptized

August 8th, sponsors James Welsh, Jr. and Mary, his wife.

Foy, Margaret, of Matthew and Anna Foy, born July 22d, baptized Au-

gust 10th, sponsor Mary (Vance) McFarlin.

Viel, Susanna, of Peter and Lucretia Viel, born August 5th, baptized Au-

gust 15th, sponsor Henry Herberger and witness Susanna, his wife.

Byrne, James, of Patrick and Mary Byrne, born August 8th, baptized

August 15th, sponsors James and Anna Gallagher.

McGovran, Thomas, of Paul and Mary McGovran, born August 15th,

baptized August loth, sponsors Barnabas Scully and Catharine

Macan.

, Judith, slave of Captain John Barry, adult, baptized August 19th,

sponsor Anna, the preist's servant.

Bucher, Joseph, of John and Anna Catharine Bucher, baptized August
21st, sponsors the priest and Mary Harlan, in Salem county [N. J.].

Gock, Lawrence, of Lawrence and Christina Gock, born August 1st,

baptized August 22d, sponsors Lawrence and Margaret Caspar, at

Cohanzy [N. J.J.

Greissler, Philip Joseph, of Elias and Greissler, born August 18th,.

baptized August 27th, sponsors Philip and Eva Schilling.

Landry, Joseph, of Joseph and Sarah Landry, born August 27th, bap-
tized August 29th, sponsors Peter David and Margaret Bourg.

Speir, John and Mary, twins, of Matthew and Mary Speir, born August
29th, baptized August 30th, sponsor Barbara, wife of John Heitz.

Baxter, Robert, of John and Eleanor Baxter, born August 29th, bap-
tized August 30th, sponsors John and Elizabeth Carrol.

Carrol, Daniel, of Daniel and Mary Carrol, born August 23d, baptized

August 30th, sponsor Susanna Glansey.

FitzPatrick, Elizabeth, of John and Honora FitzPatrick, born August
28th, baptized August 30th, sponsors Michael Diamond and Mary
Shannon.

Pranger, William, of William and Catharine Pranger, born August 31st,,

baptized privately August 31st.

Pryor, Anna, adult, baptized September 1st, witness John O'Connor.

Opperman, Elizabeth, of Adam and Elizabeth Opperman, born August
22d, baptized September 5th, sponsors Sebastian and Cunegunda
Hoffman.

Price, Joseph, of Joseph and Mary Price, born September 2d, baptized

September 5th, sponsors Anthony Graff and Margaret Sauerwald.

Clark, Anna, of Michael, Jr., and Elizabeth Clark, born August 28th,

baptized September 5th, sponsors Matthew and Anna McHugh.
Bauman, Catharine, of Charles and Mary Bauman, born September

8th, baptized September 9th, sponsor Catharine Freind.



260 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Regimenter, Anthony, of Peter and Magdalen Regimenter, born Septem-
ber 9th, baptized September 12th, sponsors Anthony and Barbara

Graff.

Bauer, John, of Francis and Elizabeth Bauer, born September 8th, bap-
tized September 16th, sponsors John and Eva Poth.

Kelly, Eleanor, of Edward and Margaret Kelly, born March 21st, 1775,

baptized September 20th, sponsors Francis and Apollonia Sohl, at

Pikesland [Pa.].

Field, Mary, of Paul and Mary Field, born September 20th, baptized

September 23d, sponsors Stephen and Catharine (Viel) Barden.

Wall, William, of James and Rachel Wall, born June 14th, baptized

September 23d, sponsor John Connor and witness Mary Down.

Dougherty, Joseph, of Dennis and Margaret Dougherty, born September
25th, baptized September 28th, sponsors Joseph Kaufman and Mary
Dougherty.

Bayerle, Anna Mary, of Dietrich (P.) and Sabina Bayerle, born July

18th, baptized September 29th, sponsor Anna Mary Abt.

Rudder, Mary, of George and Hannah (Bennet) Rudder, born September
18th, baptized October 12th, sponsors William McGloghlin and Ju-

dith Wright.
Cook, George, of George and Catharine (Emot) Cook, born July , bap-

tized October 12th, sponsor Mary Heart.

Cavenogh, Mary, of James and Elizabeth Cavenogh, born September
15th, baptized October 12th, sponsors James, Jr., and Mary Welsh.

Carpe, John Baptist, of Herman and Margaret Carpe, born October 14th,

baptized October 15th, sponsors Joseph and Elizabeth Labeauve.

Gock, David, of David and Margaret (P.) Gock, born March 14th, bap-
tized October 17th, sponsors Lawrence and Christina Gock, at Co-

hanzey [N. J.].

Rodgers, Alexander, of Alexander and Amy Rodgers, born October

18th, baptized October 21st, sponsors Lawrence Coock and Hannah

Deleany.
Schneider, John Henry, of Henry, Jr., and Catharine Schneider, born

September 26th, baptized October 23d, sponsors John Henry
Waltrich and Catharine Schneider.

, Catharine, slave of James Oelers, sixteeen months old, bap-
tized October 23d, sponsor James Oelers.

Buckley, Rosanna, of William and Eleanor Buckley, born August 3d, bap-
tixed privately October 28th.

Berg, John, of Ernest and Gertrude Berg, born October 24th, baptized
October 31st, sponsor John Tscharte.

Gunther, John George, of George and Frances Gunther, born October

29th, baptized October 31st, sponsors John and Catharine Wagner.
Henderson, Dorothy, of - and Mary Henderson, a few weeks old,

baptized conditionally October 31st, sponsor Catharine Beal.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. I77Q. 26 1

Wharton, Charles, of Charles and Elizabeth Wharton, born September
3d, 1778, baptized November 2d, sponsors James Hardnet and Jo-
hanna Hardnet.

Garoutte, Margaret, of Michael and Sophia Garoutte, born July 24th,

baptized November 3d, sponsors Stephen Tissonau and Margaret
L'Hercule.

Lewis, Peter, of Emanuel and Margaret Lewis, born November 13th,

baptized November 14th, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Shortel, Mary, of Thomas and Johanna Shortel, born May *2t>d, baptized
November 14th, sponsors Richard Barret and Mary Fitzgerald.

Kelly, Mary and Eleanor, twins, of Patrick and Rose Kelly, born No-
vember 14th, baptized November 17th, sponsors for Mary, James
Smith and Mary McGuire; for Eleanor, Dominic Lawrence and
Eleanor Smith.

Conrad, John Michael, of Matthew and Catharine Conrad, born Novem-
ber 13th, baptized November 21st, sponsors John Wagner and Bar-

bara Steinmetz.

Byrne, John, of Raymond and Anna Byrne, born November 12th, bap-
tized November 21st, sponsors Patrick and Mary Byrne.

Barret, William, of John and Bridget Barret, born November 20th, bap-
tized November 25th, sponsors Patrick Byrne and Anna Mullen.

Benner, Joseph, of Henry and Mary Benner, born November 22d, bap-
tized November 25th, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Poth.

Fitzgerald, Catharine, of Edward and Catharine Fitzgerald, born No-
vember 30th, baptized December 4th, sponsors Adam Mayer and

Margaret Sauerwald.

Gallagher, Thomas, of James and Anna Gallagher, born November
27th, baptized December 5th, sponsors Mark and Mary Willcox.

Beau f
ort, John Baptist, of Caspar and Anna Beaufort, born November

19th, baptized December 9th, sponsors John Cortez and Johanna
Favier.

Buch, Adam, of Joseph and Hannah Buch, born November 29th, bap-
tized December 9th, sponsor Magdalen Springer.

Durand, Valentine, of James and Catharine Durand, born November
14th, baptized December 10th, sponsors Valentine and Clara Schier-

ling.

Schreiner, Anna, of Anselm and Elizabeth Schreiner, born December
4th, baptized December J2th, sponsors Joseph and Catharine Eck.

Ebair, Elizabeth, of Francis and Mary Ebair, born December 1st,

baptized December 12th, sponsors Claude Rouse and Johanna Kay-
ser.

Murphy, Johanna, of Daniel and Julia Murphy, born December If'th,

baptized December 30th, sponsors James Murphy and Mary
Coock.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and forty-eight.



262 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1780.

Lechler, Mary Magdalen, of Adam and Catharine Lechler, born January
7th, baptized January 9th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Mag-
dalen Lechler.

Henry, Elizabeth, of Philip and Mary Henry, born November 30th,

1779, baptized January 23d, sponsors John McEninge and Mary
Cunningham.

Forester, Thomas, of Gerald and Diana Forester, born January 27th,

baptized February 7th, sponsors William French and Elizabeth

Carrol.

, Sarah, slave of James Oellers, adult, baptized February llth,

sponsor James Oellers.

Oellers, Helena, of James and Catharine Oellers, born February llth,

baptized February llth, by Rev. Robert Mollineux, sponsor Father

Farmer.

Hold, Mary Magdalen, of Peter and Catharine Hold, born February 16th,

baptized February 20th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Mag-
dalen Lechler.

Boudrot, Elizabeth, of Michael and Anna Boudrot, born February 14th,

baptized February 22d, sponsors Eihnund Nugent and Elizabeth

Seibert.

Maxvill, Letitia, of Alexander and Anna Maxvill, born September,
1772, baptized February 23d, sponsors James and Anna Welsh.

Ryan, Sarah, of Philip and Anna Ryan, born February 2oth, baptized

February 25th, sponsor Johanna Robeson.

Macra, Patrick, of Charles and Sarah Macra, born January 26th, baptized

February 27th, sponsors John Murray and Eleanor Walker.

Gallagher, Bridget, of John and Anna Gallagher, born February 24th,

baptized March 6th, sponsor Thomas Carrol, and witness Deborah,
his wife.

Feinauer, Charles, of Joseph and Anna Mary Feinauer, born March 2d,

baptized May 9th, sponsors Charles Benedict Bauman and Mary
Schneider.

Krumbel, Mary Justina, of Philip and Magdalen Krumbel, born March

3d, baptized March 9th, sponsor Mary Justina Horn.

Barret, James, of James and Mary Barret, born February llth, baptized
March 14th, sponsors Kenedy Hogan and Margaret Archbold.

Horn, George Ernest, of Henry and Christina Horn, born March llth,

baptized March 14th, sponsors George Ernest and Magdalen Lech-

ler.

Willhelm, Mary Salome, of Adam and Anna Willhelm, born March 3d,

baptized March 10th, sponsors John and Salome Staler.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. I/So. 263

Bastian, Adam and Peter, twins, of William and Magdalen Bastian, born

March 19th, baptized March 21st, sponsors for Adam, Adam and

Margaret Bremich
;
for Peter, Peter and Catharine Bremich.

Farrel, Cecilia, of John and Mary Farrel, born March 19th, baptized
March 27th, sponsors John Faran and Bridget Donaho.

Bremich, Sarah, of Peter and Catharine Bremich, born March 30th, bap-
tized April 2d, sponsors Anthony and Sarah Aman.

Stanley, Mary, of Michael and Martha Stanley, born March 15th, bap-
tized April 2d, sponsor Catharine Mullen, and witness Hugh Tool.

Ford, Edward, of Thomas and Bridget Ford, born December 25th, 1779,

baptized April 5th, sponsor Martha Clifton.

Korn, John Caspar, of Caspar and Anna Mary Korn, born January 18th,

baptized April 9th, sponsors Adam and Elizabeth Opperman.
Maxvill, Alexander, of Alexander (P.) and Anna Maxvill, born March

iSth, 1777, baptized April 10th, sponsors Charles Smith and Anna
Welsh.

Maxvill, Eleanor, same parents, born March 3d, 1779, baptized April
10th, sponsors James Welsh and Mary Friel.

Connoly, Rebecca Susanna, of and Lydia Connoly, born Febru-

ary , baptized April 12th, sponsor Margaret Sauerwald.

Frederick, Samuel, of Abraham and Elizabeth (Griskam) Frederick, born

January 9th, baptized April 13th, sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Diamond, John, of Michael and Eleanor Diamond, born April 21st, bap-
tized April 22d, sponsors Bartholomew Tool and Honora FitzPatrick.

Boyd, Mary, of Patrick and Anna Boyd, born April 1st, baptized April

23d, sponsors Joseph Becker and Elizabeth Pierce.

Guerry, Frances (Fanny), of Cato and Margaret Guerry, slaves of

Thomas Barry, born December, 1779, baptized April 23d, sponsors
Thomas Barry and Catharine Boudrot.

, Louis, of Chloe, a slave of Mr. Price, born March 6th, baptized

April 24th, sponsor John Louis Farrie.

Yokeum, Anna, wife of George Yokeum, baptized April 26th, sponsors

Jeremiah Sullivan and Barbara Schultz.

O'Neal, Mark, of Constantine and Sarah O'Neal, born February 3d,

baptized April 29th, sponsors John Kauffman and Mary Kauffman,
in Philadelphia county [Pa.j.

D.umler, Elizabeth, of Philip and Sarah Diimler, born December 12th,

1779, baptized April 30th, sponsor Apollonia Sohl, at Pikesland

[Chester county, Pa.].

Eimold, Peter, of Peter and Mary Eimold, born November 8th, 1779,

baptized April 30th, sponsor James Weisseburger, ibid.

Cox, Francis, of Barnabas and Magdalen Cox, born April 26th, baptized

April 30th, sponsors James Weisseburger and Anna Mary Weisse-

burger, ibid.



264 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Whright, William, of Randle and Margaret Whright, baptized April 30th,.

sponsors James Cuny and Elizabeth Scheimer, ibid.

Welsh, Anna, of Miles and Anna Welsh, born April 30th, baptized May
1st, sponsor Elizabeth Scheimer, in Chester county [Pa.].

McCalagan, Sarah, of Michael and Mary McCalagan, born March 19th,

baptized May 2d, sponsors Daniel FitzPatrick and Mary Cusick,.

ibid.

Human, Mary Catharine, of John and Mary Anna Human, born May
1st, baptized May 4th, sponsors Peter Viel, Jr., and Catharine VieL

Connor, Eleanor, of Lawrence and Margaret Connor, born April 20th,

baptized May 7th, sponsors Thomas and Eleanor Green.

Dugan, John, of Paul and Mary Dugan, born May 8th, baptized May
15th, sponsors John McDaniel and Catharine Jinkins, witnesses

Richard Jinkins and Catharine Stuart.

Kitzinger, Catharine, of Philip and Ottilia Kitzinger, born May 13th, bap-
tized May 15th, sponsors Joseph Honecker and Catharine Vanie.

Adams, William, of John (P.) and Grace Adams, born May 9th, bap-
tized May 15th, sponsors John Kelly and Sarah Kearney.

Willcox, Eleanor, of Mark and Mary Willcox, born May 15th, baptized

May 19th, sponsors James Gallagher and Deborah Sutton, at Con-
cord [Delaware county, Pa.].

Mayer, John, of George and Regina Mayer, born March 20th, baptized

May 21st, sponsors Lawrence and Christina Gock, at Cohanzy [N. J.].

Holtzhafer, Margaret, of Sebastian and Johanna (P.) Holtzhafer, born

April 25th, baptized June 4th, sponsors Caspar and Margaret Engel-
hard, at Mount Hope [N. J.].

Schup, Henry, of Philip and Mary Eva Schup, born May 12th, baptized

June 4th, sponsors David and Johanna Fichter, in vicinity of Char-

lottenburg [N. J.].

Hason, Rosanna, of Felix and Margaret Hason, born May 24th, 1778,

baptized June 4th, sponsor the child's mother (for Mary Mentze-

bach), ibid.

Call, John William, of Nicholas and Anna Mary Call, born July 16th,.

1779, ceremonies supplied June 9th, sponsors John Henry and
Catharine Call, at Ringwood [Passaic county, N. J.].

May, Mary Catharine, of James and Magdalen May, born October 24th,.

1779, ceremonies supplied, June 9th, sponsors Conrad Waibl and
Catharine May, ibid.

Cahel, Catharine, of Thomas and Eleanor Cahel, born October 1st, 1779,

baptized June 10th, sponsors Dominic and Catharine Robertson, at

Longpond [N. J.].

Swiney, Mary, of John and Johanna Swiney, born October 19th, 1779,.

baptized June 10th, sponsors John and Mary Ward, ibid.

Macan, Mary, of William and Barbara Macan, born May 27th, 1779,.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. I/So. 265

baptized June 10th, sponsors Henry Call and Anna Mary Mentze-

bach, ibid.

Marsele, James, of Peter and Dorcas Marsele, born May 16th, baptized

June 10th, sponsors James and Magdalen May, ibid.

Hason, William, of Felix and Margaret Hason, born April 27th, bap-
tized June 6th, sponsor John Burns, near Charlottenburg [N. J.].

FitzPatrick, Mary, of John and Bridget FitzPatrick, born June 16th, bap-
tized June 20th, sponsors Edward McDonagh and Anna Barry.

Schneider, Mary Teresa, of Ignatius and Catharine Schneider, born June
29th, baptized July 2d, sponsor Peter Field and witness Lucretia, his

wife.

Meade, George, of George and Henrietta Constance (P.) Meade, born

June 4th, baptized July 2d, sponsors Thomas Meade (of Montser-

rat), Thomas Russel, Madam De Miralles and Elizabeth Ferguson.

Boyd, Elizabeth, of John and Judy (Lynch) Boyd, born June , bap-
tized July 3d, sponsor Anna Maddocks (Tritt).

Runion, Thomas, of Daniel and Catharine Runion, born June 22d, bap-
tized July 3d, sponsors Philip McHugh and Anna Collins.

Blanchard, Mary Ross, wife of Peter Blanchard, baptized July 7th, the

priest was sponsor, the consent of the parties was renewed.

Stuart, James, of James and Eva Stuart, born July 9th, baptized July 13th,

sponsors Adam Poth, Jr ,
and Catharine Freind.

Lechler, George Ernest, of Anthony and Catharine Lechler, born July

llth, baptized July 13th, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Mag-
dalen Lechler.

Rohr, Anthony, of Martin and Anna Mary Rohr, born July 18th, bap-
tized July 23d, sponsors Joseph Schorp and Margaret Hoffman, at

Cushenhopen [Goshenhoppen, Berks county, Pa.].

Strong, Mary Barbara, of William and Mary Elizabeth Strong, born June
25th, baptized July 23d, sponsors Peter and Barbara Kaffer, at

Cushenhopen [Goshenhoppen, Pa.].

Welsh, Abigail, of David and Phoebe Welsh, born July 24th, baptized

August 2d, sponsors Martin Pendergrast and Catharine Ryan, ibid.

Sincox, Sarah, of Joseph and Catharine Sincox, born December 13th,

1779, baptized August 6th, sponsors William Gogan and Margaret
Corcran, ibid.

Halfpenny, Johanna Mary, of Thomas and Margaret Halfpenny, born

August 8th, baptized August 13th, sponsors Edmund Nugent and

Johanna Levins, ibid.

Ryan, Thomas, of Edward and Elizabeth Ryan, born March 31st, 1779,

baptized August 13th, sponsors John McDonald and Anna Savage,
ibid.

Robeson, Sarah, of Alexander and Margaret Robeson, born August 6th,

baptized August 13th, sponsors John Shaw and Anna Boyd, and
witness Anna Smith, ibid.



266 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Mullen, Anna, of Owen and Jerusha (P.) Mullen, born February 6th,

baptized August 16th, sponsor the priest, ibid.

Coleman, Anna, of Edward and Anna Coleman, born November 30th,

1777, baptized August 22d, sponsors Henry Thurnbach and Hannah
Huber, Jr., in Salem county [N. J.j.

O'Brian, Daniel, of Jeremiah and Mary O'Brian, born August 24th, 1777,

baptized August 22, sponsors Manes Dougherty and Susanna Thurn-

bach, ibid.

Geiger, Simon, of Henry and Barbara Geiger, born August 15th, bap-
tized August 22d, sponsor Simon Geiger, at Pilesgrove [Salem

county, N. J.].

Cusick, John, of Michael and Mary Cusick, born June 23d, baptized

September 4th, sponsors James Hickey and Mary Calagan, in Ches-

ter county [Pa.].

Curtin, Elizabeth, of Joseph and Curtin, born December, 1769, bap-
tized September 4th, sponsors and Anna Cavenough, ibid.

Bird, Catharine, of Samuel and Anna Bird, born September 2d, baptized

September llth, sponsor Anna Hudson.

Knowles, Richard, of William and Jane Knowles, baptized privately

September 14th.

Robins, Sarah, of Thomas (P.) and Sarah Robins, born August ,

baptized September 16th, sponsor Margaret White.

Ryan, Lydia, of John and Margaret Ryan, born September 15th, bap-
tized September 27th, sponsor David Kaples, witness Lydia Ryan.

Bimpel, John, of Paul and Deborah Bimpel, born May llth, baptized

September 18th, sponsor Andrew Sullivan.

Mitchel, James, of Philip James and Anna Mitchel, born September
24th, 1776, baptized September 23d, sponsor Anna Shaw.

Harris, Elizabeth, of John and Ruth Harris, born July 29th, 1779, bap-
tized privately September 28th, witness David Hiliard, sponsor Mar-

garet Dyer.

Biron, Anna, of Walter and Margaret Biron, born September 3d, bap-
tized October 3d, sponsors Augustine Power and Margaret Mc-

Closky.

Abt, Catharine, of Henry and Elizabeth Abt, born September 21st, bap-
tized October 8th, sponsors John George and Catharine Abt.

Boosee, John, of Moses and Elizabeth Boosee, born October 3d, baptized
October 8th, sponsors John Tracy and Barbara Graff.

Pranger, Mary Elizabeth, of William and Anna Catharine Pranger, born

October 8th, baptized October llth, sponsors Joseph Bastian and
Elizabeth Tchartc.

Donnum, Anna, of Joseph (P.) and Anna Donnum, born February

12th, baptized October 17th, sponsor the mother (by mistake), in

Salem county [N. J.].

L'Hercule, Isaias, of Francis and Pelagia (Douzet) L'Hercule, born Octo-



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. i;So. 26/

her 20th, baptized October 20th, sponsor Margaret Landry, witness

Joseph Melanzon.

Swaine, Anna, of Silas and Elizabeth Svvaine, born September 15th, bap-
tized October 21st, sponsors James Mullen and Anna Kelly.

Wiirth, George, of Joseph and Barbara Wiirth, born October 13th, bap-
tized October 22d, sponsors Anthony and Barbara Graff.

Mayer, Joseph, of Joseph (P.) and Gertrude Mayer, born October 17th,

baptized October 22d, sponsors Sebastian and Catharine Vanie, in

vicinty of Philadelphia.

Gallagher, Eleanor, of Peter and Elizabeth Gallagher, born October

19th, baptized October 22d, sponsors James and Anna Gallagher.
, James, infant of unknown parentage, baptized privately October

24th, while in a dying condition, in vicinity of Philadelphia.

Addison, Thomas, of Thomas and Lucia (Kennedy) Addison, born May
24th, baptized privately October 24th, sponsor Hannah Edward,
ibid.

McKeaver, Hannah, of Michael and Deborah (Britton) McKeaver, born

July, 1779, baptized November 5th, sponsors Daniel FitzPatrick and

Mary McDonald, at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.].

Strubel, Mary, of Peter and Magdalen Strubel, born November 4th, bap-
tized November 12th, sponsors John and Mary Honecker.

Nadler, Dorothy, of John and Magdalen Nadler, born November 5th,

baptized November 12th, sponsors John Tscharte and Mary Dorothy
Treim .

Burns, Archibald, of Archibald and Johanna Burns, born October 27th,

baptized November 12th, sponsor Anna Macanarny.
Gorman, Elizabeth, of Lawrence and Elizabeth Gorman, born November

3d, baptized November 13th, sponsor Peter Gill.

Kelly, Mary, of Thomas and Mary Kelly, born November 3d, baptized
November 18ih, sponspr Mary Heart.

Foster, John, a dying infant, baptized November 21st, sponsor -

Sullivan.

Carrel, Thomas, of Thomas and Deborah Carrel, born November 15th,

Lr;? baptized November 23d, sponsors Hugh Fieldon and Anna Galla-

gher, a widow.

Pinion, Peter, of Peter and Mary (Bourg) Pinion, born November 23d,

baptized November 24th, sponsors Armand Douzet and Margaret

Carpe.
Schneider, Thomas, of John and Magdalen Schneider, born November

17th, baptized November 26th, sponsors Adam and Margaret
Bremich.

Abt, Mary Magdalen, of John George and Catharine Abt, born Novem-
ber 27th, baptized December 9th, sponsors Francis Abt and Magda-
len Cappl, at Kensington [near Philadelphia, Pa.].

Roage, Elizabeth, of John and Margaret Roage, born November Gth,



268 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

baptized December 10th, sponsors George Kientz and Anna Phil-

ipps.

Gillmor, Hannah, of James and Hannah Gillmor, born November
26th, baptized December 10th, sponsors Michael Derny and Ro-
sanna Bryer.

L'Hercule, Mary Ursula, of John and Josephine L'Hercule, born Decem-
ber llth, baptized December llth, sponsors William Metea and
Ositha Macy.

Greenvillan, John, of Anna, slave of Elias Hand, born February, 1779,

baptized December 17th.

Rouse, Felicitas, of Claude and Felicitas Rouse, born December 19th,

baptized December 19th, sponsors Louis and Louisa Busson.

Priigl, Mary, of Henry and Margaret Priigl, born December 25th, bap-
tized December 31st, sponsors Francis and Mary Roge.

Blanchard, John, of Peter and Mary Blanchard, born December 18th,

baptized December 31st, sponsors Denis Macarthy and Mary
O'Hara.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and fourteen.

REGISTER OF BAPTISMS FOR 1781.

Corcran. Mary Ann, of Patrick and Mary Corcran, born January 30th,

1780, baptized January 5th, sponsor Catharine Boudrot.

Edwards, Sarah, of Charles and Sophia Edwards, born September 1st,

1780, baptized January 7th, sponsors Augustine and Eleanor Power.

Gleicher, Eustace, of Francis Xavier and Ursula Gleicher, born Decem-
ber 21st, 1780, baptized January 8th, witness Eustace Laurens, spon-
sor Margaret Wolf.

Macoy, Lawrence, of Edward and Mary Macoy, born December 29th,

1780, baptized January 9th, sponsor Patrick Murphy, witness Mar-

garet Karagan.
Durand, Nicholas Joseph, of James and Catharine Durand, born Janu-

ary 4th, baptized January llth, sponsors Nicholas Saring and Eliza-

beth Becker.

Beaupres, Elizabeth, of Francis and Margaret Beaupres, born January
13th, baptized January 13th, sponsor, Mary Magdalen Le Blanc, wit-

ness Sebastian Jollain.

Bryar, Eva, of Emmanuel and Mary Bryar, born January 10th, baptized

January 14th, sponsors Joseph Becker and Eva Essling.

Schilling, Eva Christina, of Philip and Eva Schilling, born January 15th,

baptized January 21st, sponsors Paul and Christina Essling.

Diamond, John, of John and Mary Diamond, born January llth, bap-



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1781. 269

tized January 21st, sponsors Nicholas Bernard and Margaret
Brewer.

Buch, John James, of Joseph and Hannah Buch.born January 6th, bap-
tized January 21st, sponsor Barbara Gordon.

McCagan, Susanna, of James and Jane McCagan, born December 24th,

1780, baptized January 21st, sponsor Walter Byron, and witness

Margaret Ager.

Warner, Mary, of [Hugh and Margaret Warner, born June 5th, 1777,

baptized January 22d, sponsors John and Rebecca Comely.
Warner, Richard, same parents, born November 15th, 1779, baptized

January 23d, sponsor Helen Denny.
Mcrelly, Judiih, of Francis and Elizabeth Morelly, born January 6th,

baptized January 29th, sponsors Francis Smith and Margaret

Magill.

Eckel, Peter, of Peter and Anna Mary Eckel, born February 4th, bap-
tized February 4th, spcnsors Peter and Catharine Bremich.

Foster, Michael, of James and Elizabeth Foster, born January 28th, bap-
tized February 6th, sponsors Michael and Mary Ann Anderle.

McClasky, Patrick, of Patrick and Mary McClasky, born January 31st,

baptized February 1 1th, sponsor Henry Heiberger, and witness Sus-

anna, his wife.

Stu&rt, James, of John and Mary Stuart, born October 5th, 1780, baptized

February llth, sponsor Phcebe Stuart.

Veit, George Ernest, of Christian and Barbara Veit, born January 30th,

baptized February llth, sponsors George Ernest and Mary Magda-
len Lechler.

Buspin, Anna, of Samuel and Sarah Buspin, born December 22d,

1779, baptized February 18th.

Sculley, Samuel, of John and Elizabeth Sculley, born November 21st,

1780, baptized February 22d, sponsors John and Margaret Scot, in

Burlington county [N. J.].

Viel, John George, of Paul and Mary Viel, born February 18th, baptized

February 25th, witnesses John George and Mary Magdalen Yokel.

Rose, William, of Hugh and Mary Rose, born May 13th, 1780, baptized

February 25th, sponsors Francis and Elizabeth Bauer.

Doe, Mary, of William and Martha Doe, born January 15th, baptized

February 27th, sponsors Charles Ross and Mary Johanna Sosett.

Riibel, Peter, of Francis and Hannah Riibel, born February 7th, bap-
tized March 15th, sponsors Peter and Catharine Bremich.

Will, Catharine, of Philip and Elizabeth Will, born March 13th, baptized
March 18th. sponsors Anthony and Sarah Aman.

Cammeloch, Johanna Catharine, of John Frederic and Anna Mary
Sophia Cammeloch, born March 19th, baptized March 19th, spon-
sor Catharine Wagner.

Haider, John Nicholas, of James and Anna Christina Haider, born De-



2/O AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

cember 26th, 1780, baptized March 25th, sponsor Mary Rodt, wit-

nesses Nicholas and Christina Weber.
Geiger, Anna Mary, of Simon and Mary Geiger, born March 13th,

baptized April 3d, sponsor the mother (for Hannah Huber), in Salem
county [N. J.].

Huin, Margaret, of William and Margaret Huin, born July 1st, 1779,

baptized privately April 4th, in Gloucester county [N. J.].

Huin, Thomas, of same parents, born November 6th, 1780, baptized
privately April 4th, ibid.

Lort, Joseph, of Isaac and Anna Lort, born April 4th, baptized April 8th,

sponsors Bartholomew Tool and Mary Henry.
McCurtin, John, of Thomas and Deborah McCurtin, born June 30th,

1780, baptized April 10th, sponsor Margaret Lenard.

Denny, Esther, of William and Helen Denny, born April 19th, baptized
April 20th, sponsors Roger Flahavan, Sr., and Margaret Connel.

Goff, William, of Archibald and Anna Goff, born 1779, baptized April
21st, sponsors John Planey and Mary Jolly.

Tschabio, Peter, of Athanasius and Catharine Tschabio, born January
22d, baptized May 6th, sponsor Peter Sailer, and witness Catharine,
his wife, at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.].

Schmidt, Elizabeth, of Francis and Jane Schmidt, born February 12th,

baptized May 6th, sponsors Sarah Thimler (Sohl), ibid.

Perry, John, of William (P.) and Bridget Perry, born January 25th, bap-
tized May 6th, sponsor Apollonia Sohl, ibid.

McCarty, Mary, of Nicholas, Jr., and Elizabeth McCarty, born October

6th, 1780, baptized May 15th, sponsors Simon Hony and Mary Mc-
Carty, at Haycock [Bucks county, Pa.].

Sary, William, of Lawrence and Mary (Robin) Sary, born September
9th, 1778, baptized May 17th, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Eva
Jungfleisch, at Change Water [Warren county, N. J.J.

Robin, Margaret, of and Mary Robin, born February 5th, bap-
tized May 17th, sponsors Joseph and Margaret Wider, ibid.

O'Neal, Anna, of Peter and Sarah (Kelly) O'Neal, born August l.'Uh, 1780,

baptized May 20th, sponsors John and Johanna Swiney, at Long-
pond [N. J.].

Riddle, Catharine, of Thomas and .(P.) Frances Riddle, born April 3d,

baptized May 20th, sponsors Henry and Mary Burns, ibid.

Burns, Hannah, of Laghlin and Margaret Burns, born January 15th,

baptized May 20th, sponsors Thomas and Eleanor Cahel, ibid.

Fitzgerald, William, of William and Margaret Fitzgerald, born March
22d, baptized May 20th, sponsors William Macau and Mary Cath-

arine Call, ibid.

Call, Mary Elizabeth, of Henry and Mary Catharine Call, born July 30th,

1780, baptized May 22d, sponsors Eugene (son of William) Pfaltzer

and Anna Mary Call, at Ringwood [Passaic county, N. J.].



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1781. 2/1

Poiress, Anna Mary, of , and Margaret Poiress, born October 5th,.

baptized May 22d, sponsors Nicholas Call and Anna Marry Reite-

nauer, ibid.

Thomer, Christopher, of Christopher and Elizabeth (P.) Thomer, born
December 14th, 1775, baptized , sponsors Dominic Robertson,
in vincinity of Longpond [Sussex county, N, J,].

Marian, Anna Mary, of Hubert and Mary Marian, born April 8th, bap-
tized May 24th, sponsors John Aussom and Helen Menzebach, at

Charlottenburg |N. J.].

Aussom, John Stephen, born December 25th, 1765; Eva Clarissa, born

March 31st, 1769; Joseph, bom February 28ih, 1773; children of

John and Elizabeth Aussom, baptized conditionally May 24th, spon-
sor Joseph Wingart, at Pompton [N. J.].

Osterhout, Catharine, of and Elizabeth Osterhout, born March 12th,

1774, baptized conditionally May 24th, sponsor Joseph Wingart, ibid.

Osterhout, Elizabeth, adult, baptized May 24th, sponsor Elizabeth Aus-
som

, ibid.

, Peter, a negro boy about seven years old, baptized May 24th,

sponsor Joseph Wingart, ibid.

Fichter, James, of David and Johanna Fichter, born November 15th, 1780,

baptized May 27th, sponsors James Fichter and Eva Brady, at

Mount Hope [N. J.J.

Grips, Francis Anthony, of Peter Joseph and Mary Grips, born Novem-
ber 27th, 1780, baptized May 27th, sponsors Francis Anthony Zech
and Margaret Engelhart, ibid.

Sig,' Christopher, of George (P.) and Gertrude Sig, born December 5th,

1780, baptized May 26th, sponsor Francis Anthony Zech (for Chris-

topher Thomer) and Anna Catharine Zech, ibid.

Willson, Hannah, of Henry (P.) and Margaret Willson, born April 28th,

baptized May 29th, sponsors Henry Miller and Elizabeth Schaftcr,

at Change Water [Warren county, N. J.J.

Sary, Mary Robins, wife of Lawrence Sary, baptized May 29th, sponsor
Anna Eva Jungfleisch, ibid.

Friend, Salome, of George and Catharine Friend, born May 27th, bap-
tized June 3d, sponsors Tobias Rudolf and Salome Friend.

Doyle, Leah French, wife of Hugh Doyle, baptized June 7th, sponsor
Eleanor Connoly.

French, Rachel, uterine sister of the last named (Mrs. Doyle), baptized
at the same time, and having the same sponsor.

Collwell, Elizabeth, of Alexander and Mary Collwell, born January 6th,

1779, baptized June 7th, sponsors Patrick Byrne and Mary Clark.

L'Hercule, John Baptist, of Maiurin and Margaret L'Hercule, born June
12th, baptized June 12th, sponsors John Francois and Felicitas Rose.

Nihil, Mary, of Lawrence and Anna (P.) Nihil, born May 27th, baptized

June 14th, sponsors John Aitkin and Brdget Barret.



2/2 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

Miller, James, of Mathias and Anna Mary Miller, born May 6th, bap-
tized June 17th, sponsors Lawrence and Christina Gock, at Deer-
field [Salem county, N. J.].

<Coleman, Hannah, of Edward and Catharine Coleman, born January
20th, baptized June 19th, sponsors Henry Thurnbach and Catharine

Bucher, in Salem county [N. J.].

Norret, Margaret, of James (P.) and Eleanor Norret, born October 31st,

1780, baptized June 19th, sponsors John McHugh and Eleanor Con-

nor, ibid.

Magill, James, of Patrick and Elizabeth Magill, born May 9th, baptized

June 19th, sponsors Simon Geiger and Susanna Benner, ibid.

Fitzgerald, Isabella, of Nicholas and Jane Fitzgerald, born November
13th, 1780, baptized June 24th, sponsors David Groty and Margaret
Pearson.

Pepin, Victor, of Andrew and Judith (Dona) Pepin, born August 3d,

1780, baptized June 25th, sponsors Joseph Traversie and Charlotte

Pepin.

Fitzgerald, John, of Lawrence and Deborah Fitzgerald, born May 26th,

baptized June 25th, sponsors Henry Calaghan and Jane Dwyer.
Kelly, Margaret, of James and Margaret Kelly, born June 19th, baptized

July 1st, sponsors Adam and Margaret Bremich.

Duffy, James, of James and Sarah Duffy, born June 23d, baptized

July 1st, sponsors Dennis Glancy and Catharine Green.

Trespanie, Maria Modesta, of Augustine and Anna (David) Trespanie,
born July 1st, baptized July 2d, sponsors John Louis and Modesta

Landry..

Harby, Elizabeth, adult, baptized July 3d, sponsor Mary Macanarney.
Henderson, John, of David (P.) and Mary Henderson, born March llth,

baptized conditionally July 3d, sponsor the priest.

Clark, Amelia, of James and Catharine Clark, born December, 1780,

baptized July 7th, sponsor Margaret Regan.
Muny, Jane Connert, wife of Hugh Muny, baptized July 7th, sponsor

Anna Fitzgerald.

Muny, Neal, of Hugh and Jane Muny, born December 16th, baptized

July 7th, sponsors Michael and Margaret Sauerwald.

McDonald, Sarah, of James and Margaret McDonald, born June 16th,

baptized privately July 8th.

Lallor, John, of Thomas and Sarah Lallor, born June 5th, baptized July

llth, sponsor George Fitzgerald.

Klem, William, of John and Anna Mary Klem, born September 17th,

1778, baptized July 17th, sponsors John and Catharine Hoy, in Bur-

lington county [N. J.].

Graff, Anna, of Anthony and Barbara Graff, born July 19th, baptized

July 20th, sponsors Moses and Elizabeth Boosee.

O'Connor, Anna Christina, of John and Anna O'Connor, born July 19th,



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. 1 78 1. 2/5

baptized July 22d, sponsor Joseph Westmor, and witness Mary-
Connor.

Schneider, Anna Catharine, of Henry, Jr., and Catharine Schneider,
born July 22d, baptized July 24th, sponsors George Graff and Cath-

arine Waltrich.

, James, of Chloe, negro slave of Mr. Price, born July 17th, bap-
tized July 25th, sponsor Johanna Grey.

Cuny, James, of James and Mary Cuny, born April 7th, baptized July
29th, sponsors Francis and Apollonia Sohl, at Pikesland [Chester

county, Pa.].

Dugan, Elizabeth, of James and Sarah Dugan, born May 13th, 1779,.

baptized July 29th, sponsor Frederick Scheimer, ibid.

Dugan, James, same parents, born November 7th, 1780, baptized July
29th, sponsors Daniel FitzPatrick and Mary Weisseburger, ibid.

Eyenson, Mary, of John and Anna Eyenson, born June 3d, 1780, bap-
tized July 29th, sponsors James Weisseburger and Mary Walter, ibid..

Yokel, John, of George and Mary Yokel, born August 4th, baptized

August 5th, sponsor John Manderfelt.

Smith, Catharine, of Nicholas and Eva Smith, born July 25th, baptized

August 9th, sponsors Peter and Catharine Bremich.

Kiister, Thomas, of William and Catharine (Honig) (P.) Kiister, born

July 20th, baptized August llth, sponsor Barbara Carlin.

Mackey, Mary, of William and Elizabeth (Darney) (P.) Mackey, born

May 7th, baptized August 18th, sponsors John and Anna Bucher, at.

Woodstown [Salem county N. J.J.

Berg, John George, of Ernest and Gertrude Berg, born August 22d, bap-
tized August 26th, sponsor Christopher Tscharte, and witness Mary
Dorothy, his wife.

Cuny, Elizabeth, of John and Mary Cuny, born December 26th, 1779,

baptized August 26th, witness Thomas Maybury, and sponsor Elea-

nor Walker.

Douglass, Charles, of William and Catharine Douglass, born March 17th,

1776, baptized privately August 26th.

Berchot, William, "of William and Elizabeth (Mayer) Berchot, born Feb-

ruary 15th, 1769, baptized August 30th, sponsors Ignatius Boisset and
Charlotte Pepin.

Cole, Levina [LaviniaPJ, adult, baptized August 31st, sponsor Catharine

Boudrot.

McDonald, Edmund, of Edmund and Margaret McDonald, born Septem-
ber 2d, baptized September 9th, sponsors Raymond Byrne and

Johanna Mary Levins.

Raubin, Joseph Louis, of John and Anna Raubin, born September llth,

baptized September llth, sponsors Joseph Traversy and Magdalen
Carboulet.

Schindler, Elizabeth, of Henry (P.) and Mary Catharine Schindler, born



2/4 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.

November 14th, 1779, baptized September 16th, sponsors Jacob
and Catharine Weissenburger, at Pikesland [Pa.J.

Cans, Catharine, of Balthasar and Salome (P.) Cans, born February
2<3th, baptized September 16th, sponsors Peter Eimold and Elizabeth

Rule, at Pikesland [Chester county, Pa.].

Wider, Anna Eva, of Joseph and Margaret Wider, born August 24th,

baptized- September 25th, sponsors Nicholas and Anna Eva Jung-
fleisch, at Greenwich [Cumberland county, N. J.].

Eachman, Joseph, of Martin and Anna Barbara Bachman, born June
14th, baptized September 28th, sponsors the priest and Anna Mary
Menzebach, at Mount Hope, N. J.

Robertson, Catharine, of Dominic and Mary Catharine Robertson, born

June 8th, baptized October 1st, sponsors William and Catharine

Mullen, at Longpond [N. J.].

Strickland, William, of William and Amata Strickland, born May 4th,

baptized October 2d, sponsors William and Catharine Mullen, at

Ringwood [Passaic county, N. J.].

McLaghlin, Andrew James, of Patrick and Mary McLaghlin, born No-
vember 20th, 1776, baptized October 4th, sponsor James Doyle,
while traveling in New York.

[A note by Father Farmer says that :

" The following children and
infants were baptized conditionally by me while near Fishkill, New
York:"]

Monty, John, of Francis and Josephine (Berjevin) Monty, baptized
October 5th, sponsors Amatus Boiteau and Mary Louisa Taupie,
near Fishkill [N. Y.].

Monty, Louisa, same parents, baptized October 5th, sponsors Harduin

Merlet and Josephine Couturie, ibid.

Merlet, Adrian, of Harduin and Elizabeth (McKenly) Merlet, born Au-

gust 31st, 1778, baptized October 5th, sponsors the priest and
Amatus Marnay, ibid.

Merlet, Mary Magdalen, same parents, born April 23d, 1780, baptized
October 5th, sponsors Lawrence Olivie and Charlotte Guibord,
ibid.

Ferriole, Catharine, of Alexander and Mary (Mayotte) Ferriole, born Feb-

ruary 5th, 1779, baptized October 6th, sponsors Louis Marnay and

Mary Ferriole, ibid.

Bouvet, Amatus, of Louis and Josephine (Gallerson) Bouvet, born De-

cember 24th, 1776, baptized October 6th, sponsors Louis Marnay
and Mary Mayotte, ibid.

La Fleur, Mary, of Joseph and Mary (Diligau) La Fleur, born 5th,

1780, baptized October 6th, sponsors Louis Marnay and Charlotte

Chartier, ibid.

Pollin, Peter, of Anthony and Theodista (Goddard) Pollin, born March

J5th, 1778, baptized October 6th, the priest being sponsor, ibid.



LIST OF BAPTISMS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, A. D. I /Si. 2/5

Pollin, Mary Angelica, same parents, born December 26th, 1780, bap-
tized October 6th, sponsors John Goule and Charlotte Chartier,

ibid.

Chartier, Charlotte, of Nicholas Constantine and Charlotte Chartier,

born February 3d, 1779, baptized October 6th, sponsors Anthony
Pollin and Mary Ferriole, ibid.

Chartier, Genevieve, same parents, born August 8th, 1781, baptized
October 6th, sponsors John Goule and Genevieve Bouche, ibid.

Ferriole, Louis Philip, of Alexander and Mary (Mayotte) Ferriole, born
November 9th, 1780, baptized October 7th, sponsors Louis Philip
Profanier and Mary Ferriole, ibid.

Varley, Catharine, of Michael and Josephine (Raymond) Varley, born

November 5th, 1780, baptized October 7th, sponsors Joseph Laurent
and Mary Boileau, ibid.

Guilmet, Mary Frances, of Francis and Mary Frances (Chandron) Guil-

met, born April 16th, 1779, baptized October 7th, sponsors Peter

Charland and Mary Robinet, ibid.

May, William, of James and Magdalen May, born September 26th, bap-
tized October 10th, sponsors William and Catharine Mullen, at

Ringwood [N. J.].

Zech, John Bernard, of Francis Anthony and Anna Catharine Zech,
born September 19th, baptized October 14th, sponsors John and
Anna Mary Grinter, at Mount Hope [N. J.].

Sheal, John, of John and Anna Shea], born August 20th, baptized Oc-
tober 14th, sponsors Peter Joseph and Mary Grips, ibid.

Davenac, Elizabeth, of Joseph and Margaret Davenac, born October

15th, baptized October 21st, sponsors Joseph Honecker and Catha-

rine Vanie.

Haycock, Amos, of Daniel and Catharine Haycock, born April 26th,

1774, baptized October llth, sponsor Hubert Marian, at Pompton
[Passaic county, N. Y.].

Haycock, Abigail, same parents, born April, 1779, baptized October

llth, sponsors John Aussom and Anna Elizabeth Wingart, ibid.

Haycock, Elizabeth, same parents, born February, 1781, baptized Oc-
tober llth, sponsor Elizabeth Aussom, ibid.

Whole number of baptisms one hundred and thirty-two.

Whole number from January 1st, 1776, to October 21st, 1781 eight
hundred and ninety-one.


