Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia
38 American Catholic Historical Society
various names have been left in doubt which one at home in
the Lancaster Satrapy might resolve with confidence and
reasonable certainty.
BOOK OF BAPTISMS & MARRIAGES & FUNERALS,
As RECORDED BY THE PASTORS OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH AT
LANCASTER, COUNTY OF LIKE NAME, PROVINCE OF PENNSYLVANIA,
NORTHERN AMERICA. A. D. 1788 & 89-90-91-92-93-94-95-96-97-98-99-
1800-1801-1802-1803-1804.
Names of those Baptized in January, 1787, for the Year of Our,
Lord, 1787, by the Reverend Pastor Causy.
Day, 25 January: John, lawful son of Mich?el Young and his wife
Dame Regina Hornbach. Sponsor, John Hornbach.
Item: Margaret, lawful daughter of James Williams and his wife Mary
Obrein (O'Brien?). Sponsors, John Lochler and his wife, Dame
Barbara.
28 January: Anna Barbara, lawful daughter of Joseph Wagner and
his wife Dame Margaret Ridner (Rittner?). Sponsors, Maria
Barbara Herdt and Joseph her spouse.
Item: George, lawful son of Joseph Shiff and his wife (name not
stated). Sponsors, Joseph Walter and his wife Dame Christina.
29 January: William, son of William Reuhys (.) and Margaret Mil-
erdi (Miller?). Sponsor, Eva Deller.
4 March : Nicholas, lawful son of James Mark and his wife Catharine
Strubel. Sponsors, Nicholas Hitzelberger and his consort.
5 March : Joseph, lawful son of John Carolus and his wife Dame
Elizabeth Grimm. Sponsors, Joseph Wagner and his consort.
6 April: John, lawful son of Dennis Clery and his wife Bridget.
Sponsors, Timothy Sulivan (Sullivan?) and Dame Margaret
Miller.
7 April: Elizabeth, lawful daughter of ( ) Vollkmar and Dame
Madeline Miller. Sponsors, ( ) Walter and Joseph Walter.
[This entry is indistinct; very pale ink, blurred script.]
Item: Mary Catharine, lawful daughter of Thomas Wessner and his
wife Dame Elizabeth Baderstein. Sponsor. Margaret Bein(?).
Item: Anna, lawful daughter of John O'Neal and Ann Daggothee
(Dougherty?) his wife. Sponsors, Molly Daggothee (Dough-
erty?) and Michael Frey.
28 April: Elizabeth, lawful daughter of Caspar Remmy and his wife
Margaret Bonned (Bonnet?). Sponsors, Catharine Remmy and1
Peter her spouse. Born on the twenty-first.
Baptismal Records 39
7 May: Mary Catharine, lawful daughter of Philip Stockslayer and
Dame Magdalena Bauman. Sponsor, Mary Catharine Ridner
(Rittner?). Born, April 17.
Item: Catharine, lawful daughter of Michael Ridner (Rittner?) and
his wife Mary Catharine Harfner. Sponsors, Anna Maria Hogin
and Michael Hoge (Hogan?) her spouse. She was born on April 4.
[Possibly Hogan is meant, and written Hogin for the German femi-
nine form?]
15 July: Catharine, aged six weeks, and lawful daughter of Joseph
Mayer and his wife Dame Elizabeth Miller. Sponsors, Catharine
Habert and John Fisher her spouse.
1787, 7 August: Born, and baptized on the 9th, John Philip, lawful
son of James Kirchman and his wife Dame Anna Maria Schleger.
Sponsors, George Mertz and his wife Dame Anna Maria Geilss-
glees. (Such appears to be the intended name, from feminine
form Geilssgleesin.)
Same Year, 18 October : Antony, lawful son of Caspar Trippel and his
wife Catharine Antony. Sponsors, Antony Heine and his wife
Dame Catharine Algeyer. He was born on October 10.
Same Year: John, lawful son of John Luck and Mary Margaret
Agatha(?). Sponsors, John Driskel (Driscoll?) and Eva Loch-
ler. He was born on August 29.
[So nearly as the blurred script seems to stand, the Latin record of
the wife's name reads : Mariae Cretin Agithae,]
23 October, Same Year : Mary, lawful daughter of Joseph Stump and
Mary Ann Reck (possibly Keck?) his wife. Sponsors, John
Coose( ?) and Laoidote? ?). She was born on the tenth
instant.
[Another indistinct record.]
12 November, Same Year : Baptized, and born on the 4th, Sarah, lawful
daughter of George Bachmann and his wife Dame Elizabeth Nun-
ner. Sponsors, William Heinsin (Heintz?) and Hannah Lucas.
9 July: Baptized, and born on the 7th, Christina, lawful daughter of
John Carolus and Elizabeth Cremm (Grimm.). Sponsors, Chris-
tina Walter and Joseph Walter.
10 July : Nicholas, lawful son of John Peter Hitzelberger and his wife
Mary. Sponsors, John Wait and Magdalena Gunder (Gunter?).
Born on the 7th instant.
Same day: Mary Catharine, lawful daughter of Andrew Haser and
his wife Gertrude. Sponsors, Anna Catharine Marx(?) and John
Peter Hitzelberger. 26 June. (The feminine form resembles
Markxin.)
11 July: Baptized (rest of page blank).
Thus far the baptismal records of R. D. Cause (Causse).
40 American Catholic Historical Society
Names of the Missionaries from Europe who served this Mission
from the year 1755 to the year 1804.
The following parallel column was
canceled.
Mollineux
Farmer
Schneider
Pellentz
Brosius
Elling
Hailbron
Cause perditus est (lost)
De Earth
Egan
.Rosseler
Stafford
Gissler
Fromm
Mongrand
Fitzsimmons
Cevromont
Janin
Erntzen
The .Reverend Missionaries :
Molineux
Farmer
Schneider and Weysler
Pellentz and Frombach
Geissler
Causij. Apostate.
J. C. Helbron
Fromm
Elling
Erntzen
Cerfoumont
Stapffort
Brosius
Janin
Mongrand
De Barth
Egan
Fitzsimons
Fromm (canceled)
Stocker. Apostate.
Beschler
Byrne
Holland
Shenfelter
Continuation.
Those regenerated in baptism by me, John Charles Helbron, as im-
mediate successor to Father Cause, A. D. 1789.
A. D. 1789; Day of Birth, 13 February; Date of Baptism, 25 ditto:
Antony Nicholas Marx, lawful son of James Marx and Catharine,
born Strubel. Sponsors, Nicholas Hitzelberger and his consort
Magdalena.
4 February; i March: Stephen Joseph lutz, lawful son of Peter lutz
and Elizabeth, born Canto. Sponsor, Stephen Felix.
20 January; i March: John Simeon Oekenroth, lawful son of Chris-
tian Oekenroth and Catharine Schoeringer. Sponsors, Simeon
Oekenroth and Christina Schoeringer.
A. D. 1788, 31 December; i March: Anna Maria Bernhard, lawful
daughter of Joseph Bernhard and Barbara Meyer. Sponsors.
Anna Maria Meyer and Andrew Gross.
Baptismal Records 41
A. D. 1789, 28 February; 4 March: Joseph Martins, lawful son of Bal-
thasar Martins and Eva, born Hurnbach (Hornbach?). Spon-
sors, Joseph Algeyer and Christina Martins.
25 February; 27 do.: Barbara Huver, lawful daughter of Michael
Huver and Christina, born Sofina. Sponsors, Sophina Huver and
Joseph Huver. (Sofina seems unusual for a family name, but so
it seems to stand in the manuscript record.)
12 January; 15 March: Maria Theresa, lawful daughter of Conrad
Alwein and Catharine, born Weivel. Sponsors, Eva Jerman and
Francis her husband.
1788, 4 May; 16 March: Barbara Elizabeth, lawful daughter of William
Balthasar Cans and Sarah Miller. Sponsor, Elizabeth Tut.
(Duttf A name still current in Pennsylvania German settlements.)
10 March : Margaret, lawful daughter of William Braun and Margaret
(Braun). Sponsor, Margaret Tut (Dutt?).
9 February; 19 March: William Clerk, lawful son of Michael Clerk
and Elizabeth, born Ingelhard. Sponsors, Thomas Toil and Anna
Gallacher (Gallagher?).
13 March; 20 do.: Francis Joseph, lawful son of Michael lung (Jung?
Young?) and Catharine Sturmbach. Sponsors, Joseph Stormbach
and Anna Maria Huber.
A. D. 1788, 24 June; 29 March (1789) : John Hor, son of John Mor
and Eva Dog. Sponsor, Philip Dog. (Latin reads: /. ///.)
1789, 23 April; 28 do.: Lawrence George, lawful son of John Wheat
and Magdalena Gunter. Sponsors, Lawrence Gunter and Mar-
garet Wheat.
i May; 2 do.: Susanna, lawful daughter ofAdam Paul and Catharine,
born Knay (?). Sponsors, Susanna Latory and Henry Peihl.
14 May; 22 do.: Peter James, lawful son of Caspar 'Remy and Mar-
garet, born Bonnet. Sponsors, Peter Remy and Catharine Remy.
18 January; 24 May: John Schneider, lawful son of Antony Schneider
and Barbara, born Willmar. Sponsors, John Lintz and Christina
Lintz.
1788, 26 November; 24 May: Maria Christina Schmid, lawful daughter
of John Schmid and Maria, born Leuberd. Sponsors, Christina
Leuberd and Simeon Oekenroth.
1789, 25 May: Anna Margaret Tutt, lawful daughter of George Tutt
and Anna Margaret, born Habercam. Sponsor, Margaret Tutt.
8 May; 2 June: Antony, lawful son of Samuel Schroth and Anna
Maria, born Marx. Sponsors, Antony Heim and Catharine Heim.
8 May; 3 June: Maria Oekin, aged 19 years, heretofore Protestant.
Sponsors, Maria Liik and John Liik.
23 (January) ; (June 2) : Anna Maria, lawful daughter of Christian
Vollkman and Magdalena, born Miiller. Date of birth 23 Janu-
ary; baptized June 2. Sponsors, Anna Maria Willmar and Antony
Hook.
42 American Catholic Historical Society
7 June ; 5 July : James, lawful son of Joseph Meyer and Elizabeth, born
Miiller. Sponsors, James Marx and Catharine Marx.
31 August; io(?): John James, lawful son of James William and
Mary Obrien (O'Brien?). Sponsor, James Marx.
7 August; 9 do.: Joseph Antony, lawful son of John Lochler and Bar-
bara Lochler, born Kuhn. Sponsors, Antony Joseph Hook and
Margaret Wiltmar.
7 May; 10 August: Catharine Baumgartner, lawful daughter of James
Baumgartner and Magdalena, born Kraft. Sponsors, John and
Catharine Baumgarte (doubtless for Baumgartner, the native
German form?),
i January; 16 August: William Feger, lawful son of Barnaby Feger
and Elizabeth, born Corker. Sponsors, James Rhoneyr and Anna
Rhoneyr.
10 September; 5 ( ?) : Dominic, lawful son of John Gylespy (Gilles-
pie?) and Eleanor Odanel (O'Donnell?). Sponsor, Timothy Sole-
ven (Sullivan?).
23 May; 10 September: Henry O'Nail (O'Neil?), lawful son of John
Onail (O'Neil.) and Anna Dogorthea (Dougherty?). Sponsor,
John Henry Kirchmar.
17 August; 14 do.: John Philip Gomo, lawful son of Joseph Gomo
and Anna Maria, born Dibel. Sponsor, John Arnold, Senior.
27 August; 20 September: Eva Stokscblaeger, lawful daughter of
Adam Stokschlaeger and Catharine, born Godner. Sponsor, Eva
Schweitzer.
A. D. 1789, 17 September; 3 October: John Antony, lawful son of John
Sheffris (Jeffries?) and Anna, born Wilson. Sponsor, Antony
Heim.
17 June; i October: John Eichelberg, lawful son of Martin Eichelberg
and Catharine, born Zinky. Sponsors, James M'Conley and Cath-
arine his consort.
(Thus far the baptismal records of Father J. C. Helbron.)
Names of those baptized by me, P. Erntzen, Missionary.
Born on March 10, 1791, and baptized on May 2, 1791 : Eva Maerthens,
daughter of Balthasar and Eva Maerthens, lawful consorts. Wife's
name, Sturmbach. Godfather, Nicholas Sturmbach; godmother,
Eva Schweizer.
Born on March 19, 1791, and baptized on May 3, 1791 : Theresa Stump,
daughter of Joseph Stump and his lawful wife Maria Anna, born
Kecking. Godfather, Caspar Michelfelder ; godmother, his wife
Barbara.
Born on April 26, 1791, and baptized on May 24, 1791 : John Peter Jutts,
son of Peter Jutts and his wife Elizabeth. Sponsors were Peter
Helsomen and his consort Catharine.
Baptismal Records 43
Born on December 25, 1790, and baptized on May 25, 1791 : Anna Maria
Bradle (Bradley?), daughter of William Bradle and his wife Mar-
garet. Godmother was Maria Mayer.
Born on May 15, 1791, and baptized on May 29, 1791 : Elizabeth Antony,
daughter of Philip Antony and his wife Barbara, born Remig.
Godfather, Henry Norbeck; godmother, Catharine Norbeck.
Born on August ( ), 1787, and baptized on June 17, 1791: John
Sannet, son of Oliver Sannet and his wife Margaret, born Ogner.
Godfather, Paul Ernzen.
Born on December 20, 1789, and baptized on June 17, 1791 : Maria
Sannet, daughter of Oliver Sannet and his wife Margaret. God-
mother, Rose Burns.
Born on March 12, 1791, and baptized on June 17, 1791 : Catharine Ren-
ard, daughter of James Renard and his wife Mary Ann, born
Hetrich. Godmother, Catharine Lochler; godfather, Anthony
Ginter.
(Thus far the records of Father Erntzen; the next list is in Elling
hand.)
Baptized, on July 29, 1791, by the Reverend Stanislas Cerfoumont, Net
(Ned? Edward?) Muckbeath, son of Patr'ck Muckbeath and his
wife Nancy. Godfather, John Price; godmother, Nally (Nelly?)
Avril (?) Ita tester Wilhelmus Elling Parochus Lancasiriae : so
do I witness, William Elling, Parish Priest at Lancaster.
Baptized, on August 9, 1791, by me, William Elling, parish priest
of Lancaster : Henry Hughes, son of William Hughes and his wife
Margaret. Godfather, Lewis Boht; godmother, Maria Majer
(Mayer?).
Baptized, on August 12, 1791, by me, William Elling: Francis Joseph
Metzger, son of Thomas Metzger and his wife Margaret. God-
father, Francis Joseph Hirt; and Cecilia Hirt, wife of the afore-
said, was godmother.
Baptized, on August 23, 1791, Geni ( Jennie?) Graeffi, daughter of
Joseph Graeffi and his wife Salli (Sallie). Godfather, Joseph
Lang; godmother, Barbara Michelfelder.
Baptized, on September 2, 1791, John Hue, born on 28 August, 1791,
son of Anthony Hue (Hook.) and his wife Anna Maria. Spon-
sors, Michael and Anna Maria Hue (Hook?).
(Marginal entry 45 appears to indicate the number of baptisms to
this point since the Continuation by Father J. C. Helbron.)
Baptized, on September 4 (1791), Peggi (Peggie?), or Margaret Me-
gran, daughter of Terence Mecran and his wife Elizabeth. God-
father, Barnaby Mecran; godmother, Catharine Zorn. (Possibly
McGran is meant?)
44 American Catholic Historical Society
Baptized, on (September) 24, John Hook, son of Mathias Hook and
his wife (name left blank). Godfather and godmother, John
Carolus and Elizabeth Carolus.
90 (?) Baptized, on November 22, Elizabeth Willcocks, daughter of
Thomas Willcocks and his wife Joanna. Sponsors, Thomas Sletter
and Elizabeth Clark.
O ( ?) Baptized, on November 23, Anna Rodrick, daughter of Philip
Rodrick and his wife Sally. Godmother, Anna Maria Kirkman.
91 (?) Baptized, on December 7, Margaret Huber; deceased soon after-
ward.
Baptized, on December 8, Martin Creyder. Deceased soon afterward.
Baptized, on January 4, 1792, Barbara Algeyer, daughter of Joseph
Algeyer and his wife Christina. Sponsors, David and Barbara
Fitzgerald.
Baptized, on January 22, 1792, Elizabeth Marx, daughter of James
Marx and his wife Catharine. Sponsors, Nicholas Hitzelberger
and Madeline Hitzelberg (possibly shortened at end of line, from
Hitzelberger?).
Baptized, on January 29, Joanna Frances Helscher, daughter of Henry
Helscher and his wife Molly. Sponsors, Lewis and Joanna Frances
Ewald.
Baptized, on February 5, 1792, Susanna Heuser, daughter of John
Heuser and his wife Barbara. Godmother, Susanna Ladur (La-
tour?).
Baptized, on February 26, 1792, Anna Schif, daughter of Joseph Schif
and his wife Anna. Sponsors, Timothy Souleven (Sullivan.) and
Anna M'Cap (McCabe?).
Baptized, on February 26, 1792, Antony Nordbeck, son of Henry Nort-
beck and his wife Catharine. Sponsors, Philip Antoni and Bar-
bara Antoni (Antony, or Anthony?).
Baptized, on March 5, 1792, George Sturmbach, son of John Sturm-
bach and his wife Barbara. Sponsors, Antony Giinthe (Giinter?)
and Catharine Lochler.
Baptized, on May 20, Elizabeth Robertson, daughter of Dominic Rob-
ertson and his wife Genevieve. Sponsors, Patrick Ronen and
Elizabeth Yeidler (Ronan?).
Baptized, on June 28, Maria Fitzgerald, daughter of David Fitzgerald
and his wife Barbara. Sponsors, Edward M'Kean and Maria
Mayer.
Baptized, on July i, Samuel Schrot, son of Samuel Schrot and his wife
Anna Maria. Godfather, James Marx.
Baptized, on July i, Adam, son of Adam Paul and his wife Catharine.
Sponsors, Adam and Catharine Lechler.
Baptized, on July i, Mary Catharine, daughter of Philip Antoni (An-
thony?) and his wife Barbara. Sponsors, Henry and Catharine
Nortbeck.
Baptismal Records 45
Baptized, on October 2, George John Taub, son of Joseph Taub and
his wife Margaret. Sponsors, Joseph Schif and Christina Walter.
3-9 ( ?)
Baptized, on October 3, John Bernard Graus, son of Leonard Graus
and his wife Magdalena. Sponsors, John Graus and Catharine
Lechler. 3-9 (?)
Baptized, on October 6, Margaret Triskil, daughter of John Triskil
and his wife Mary. Sponsors, John Lick and Anna Rohnen.
5-7H(?)
Baptized, on October 7, Nancy Mollin, daughter of Stephen Molin
(Mullen.) and his wife Rebecca. Sponsors, Bernard O'Donel
(O'Donnell?) and Genevieve Pew. 3-9 (?)
Baptized, same date, Nancy Dirny, daughter of Matthew Dirny and
his wife Mary. Sponsors, John Laferti (Lafferty?) and Nancy
Hanly. iid(?)
Baptized, same date, Bridget M'Cran, daughter of Hugh and Mary
M'Cran. Sponsors, Dennis Doughety (Dougherty?) and Mary
M'Donaghan. 3-9 (?)
(Possibly the figures at right of page refer to fees?)
Baptized, on October 8, Joseph, son of John and Catharine Fischer.
Sponsors, Joseph Huber and Anna Maria Ladur (Latour?).
Baptized, on November 4, Henry Walter, son of Henry and Elizabeth
Walter. Sponsors, Henry Hilscher and Molli (Mollie) Hilscher.
Baptized, on November 4, Elizabeth Renner, daughter of James and
Mary .Renner. Sponsors, Michael and Elizabeth Berger.
Baptized, on November 4, Maria Barbara, daughter of Henry and
Catharine Nortbeck. Sponsors, Philip Anthony and Barbara An-
thony.
Baptized, on November 4, Nicholas, son of Balthazar and Eva Martens.
Sponsors, Nicholas and Regina Groh.
A. D. 1793, March 9: (Baptized) Patience, daughter of John and Rose
M'Haver. Sponsors, James and Catharine Marx.
March 9: James, son of Charles and Mary Galagher. Sponsor, Hugh
Callwell (CaldwelL).
March 10: Sally, daughter of Henry and ( ) Pyle. Sponsors,
James and Catharine Marx.
March 10: Peter, son of ( ) and ( ) Sturmbach. Spon-
sors, John and ( ) Lechler.
March 29: Henry, son of Henry and Margaret Macconalli (McCon-
nelly?). Sponsors, Peter Petot and Mary Lick.
March 30 : Regina, daughter of Joseph and ( ) Wagoner. Spon-
sors, Anthony Gunter and Regina Groh.
April 21 (?) (Possibly April 2, as the second stroke seems canceled) :
Anna, daughter of John and Mary M'Canny. Sponsors, Dorp
46 American Catholic Historical Society
M'Onegel (McGonigal?) and Molli (Mollie) Butler. (The form
Dorp seems unusual for a Christian name, or its vernacular equi-
valent; but Father filling's script is fairly distinct, and he would
appear to write
"
Dorp ".)
July (no further date) : Anna, daughter of Samuel and ( )
Hegan (Hagan?). Sponsor, Huges (Hugh?) M'Laglin (Mc-
Laughlin?).
July: Michael, son of William and Margaret Bradley. Sponsors,
( ) and ( ) Galagher.
August 4: John, son of John and Mary M'Canni (McCann? McGann?).
Sponsors, D ( ?) O'Donel and Regina Buttler.
(Same date?) Sara, daughter of Oliver and Peggi (Peggie) Senet.
Sponsors, Edward Green and Rose M'Green(?).
September 12: John, son of Miles and Rose Relly (Reilly?). Spon-
sors, Charles Heuser and Esther O'Donel.
Item, Catharine, daughter of Hugh and Mary M'Cran. Sponsors,
Thomas Conel (Connell?) and Judith Morisea.
Item, James, son of Patrick and Juliana Ferry. Sponsors, Charles
M'Kin (McKean?) and Mary Galacher (Gallagher?).
Item, Mary, daughter of Charles and Margaret Tughen (Dugan?).
Sponsors Hini (Henry?) M'Neal and Juni (June?) Galcher (Gal-
lagher?).
Item, Thomas and Mary (twins?) of John and Mathi (Mattie?) Cagh-
lin (Coghlan?). Sponsors, Christian Leon, Hetti (Hettie?)
M'Lead(?).
Item, James, son of Patrick and Martha Green. Sponsors, John Davis
and Margaret Davis. Edward Dougherty (this name follows the
godmother's, as though for an additional sponsor?).
Item (column under September 12, 1793) : John, son of James and
Rose Candi (?). Sponsors, Berni (Barney? Bernard?) O'Donel
and Mary Cafferti (Cafferty?).
Item, Bridget, daughter of (father's name indistinct) and Hetti
(Hettie?) Green. Sponsors, Berny (Barney?) Bernard?) O'Neil
and Hetti (Hettie?) Boil (Boyle?).
Thus far the script of Father Elling; next entries are in different
hand.
A. D. 1794, April 12: Peter Martin, son of Balthasar and Eva Martin.
(Roberson also appear in the family column, and so for the next
following entry; possibly for the mother's family name?). Spon-
sors, Nicholas Hornbach and Eva Hornbach.
June 2: William, son of ( ) Duncan and Ginny (Jennie? Vir-
ginia?) Roberson. Sponsors, David and Barbara Fitzgerard (Fitz-
gerald?). (Duncan is entered under father's name; Ginny, under
mother's name; Roberson, family name, previously entered for
father's family.)
Baptismal Records 47
Anna Catharine, daughter of Thomas and Mary Heselton (Hazelton?),
born on April 20, 1794, and baptized on June 15, 1794. Patrons,
Catharine and James Mark.
21 June, 1794: baptized, Catharine, daughter of John Sturmbach.
Joseph Shroder, son of Samuel and Anna Maria Schroder; born on
April 2, 1794, and baptized on August 28, 1794. Sponsors, Joseph
Hoover and Mary Catharine Mark.
Christian, son of Christian and Magdalena Folckman; born on March
23, and baptized on August 29, 1794. Sponsors, Michael and
Elizabeth Berber.
Joseph, son of Joseph and Christina Allguire (Algeyer?) ; born on
October 28, 1793, and baptized on August 28, 1794. Sponsors, John
and Barbara Lechler. Ita Cerfoumont. (As though recorded by
a different hand.)
Antony, son of Lawrence and Magdalena Ginter (born Meyers) ; born
on September 6, 1794, and baptized on September 28, 1794. Spon-
sors, Antony Ginter and Margaret Wade. F. X. Brosius.
John, son of Barnaby M'Closque (McCloskey?) and Genevieve M'Clos-
que, born Read. Born on May 21, 1794, baptized (Regenerated:
renatus) on September 29, 1794. Godfather, Hugh Meehan.
Niles, son of John and Anna M'Neal (born White) ; born on March
9, 1791, baptized on October 8, 1794. Godfather, Antony Huck
(Hook?).
Anna, daughter of John and Anna M'Neal (born White) ; born on
January 19, 1894; baptized on October 8, 1794. Godmother, Anna
Maria Huck (Hook?). F. X. Brosius.
James, son of Hugh Colwell (Caldwell?) and Sally, born Harnton;
born on September 10, 1794, baptized on October 8, 1794. God-
father, John Harken.
Antony, son of John and Anna Maria Wicman; born on August 17,
1794, baptized on August 20, 1794. Sponsors, James Coafman
(Kaufman.) and Margaret Alditmainay ( ?).
John, son of John and Magdalena Wright (born Ginter) ; born on Sep-
tember 8, 1794, baptized on October 8, 1794. Sponsors, Henry
Meyer and Barbara Ginter.
Catharine, daughter of James and Catharine Smidt (born Graer) :
born on September 27, 1794, baptizeu on October 27, 1794. Spon-
sors, Peter and Catharine Arnold.
Carola, daughter of Samuel and Helena Moss (born Leuch) ; born on
July 22, 1794, baptized on September 2 of the same year. Spon-
sors, Philemon Moss and Jane Rush.
(Thus far the record of Brosius.)
Catherine Alljuth: baptism on 9 November, 1794; daughter of jhugh
(Hugh) Mcfauden (McFadden?). Janin, Pastor.
48 American Catholic Historical Society
Sara Alljut: baptism on 9 November, 1794: daughter of John
M'glide(P). (McGlead and McGleade occur in subsequent rec-
ords.) Janin, Pastor.
Eva Margaret, daughter of James Marke and Catharine his spouse,
baptized on 17 November, 1794. Godfather, Joseph Ribeau; god-
mother, Helen Bergue (Berg?). Janin, Pastor.
On 23 November, 1794, I baptized Gloria (?), daughter of Leonard
Krousse and Maria Lechaler (Lechler?) his spouse. Godfather,
Henry Lechaler, and godmother, Catharine Krousse (Krauss?).
Janin, Pastor.
On 27 November, 1794, I baptized Andrew Croty, son of Andrew and
Mary Croty (born Morse). Godfather, Hugh Colvelle (Cald-
well?). Andrew was born in the year 1790, 12 August. Janin,
Pastor.
On 24 November, 1794, I baptized Eleanor, aged seven years, daughter
of Andrew and Mary Croty. Godfather, Hugh Colvelle (Cald-
well?). Janin, Pastor.
On 30 November, 1794, I baptized Barbara, daughter of Henry Hilcher
and his wife Mary Obteguem(?). Godfather, Henry Norbec;
godmother, Catharine Norbec. Janin, Pastor.
(If Obteguem be the right transcription, it suggests nothing nearer
than Obdach?)
On 30 November, 1794, I baptized jonny (sic), son born three months
ago, to Angelo Mecnil (McNeal?) and his wife Elizabeth (born)
Cheffer (Schaeffer?). Godfather, gimes (James?) Galauger (Gal-
lagher?), and godmother, Anna cheffer (Schaeffier?). Janin,
Pastor.
Anna, daughter of John Woillcocks (Willcox?) and his wife Salome
(born Walton) ; born 25 October, 1793, and baptized on 30 Novem-
ber, 1794. Sponsors were Thomas and Prudence Shleighter.
Janin, Pastor.
Baptized, on 8 December, 1794, Elizabeth, daughter of John Keln and
his wife Paula Hourlique ( ?) ; age of Elizabeth, three months.
Godmother, Maria Chanten(?). Janin, Pastor.
(Thus far the baptismal record of Father Janin.)
1794. On the fourteenth day of the month of December, baptized Eliza-
beth, daughter of Daniel Bothler (Butler) and his wife Elizabeth.
Godfather, James Maikfole (McFaul), and godmother, 'Rosina
Collins. Mongrand, priest. 1795 (introducing next entry).
The foregoing record is accompanied by the autograph signature:
Daniel Butler Elizabeth Butler
James Mcfaul Rose Collins.
Baptismal Records 49
A. D. 1795. Baptized, on the eighteenth day of January, Regina, born
two days ago, daughter of Michael Young and his wife Regina.
Godmother, Anna Maria Stornback (Sturmbach?). Mongrand,
priest.
1795. Baptized, on the first day of the month of February, John Philip,
son of Adam Paole (Paul?) and his wife Catharine. Godfather,
Philip Stockhelegre. (Autograph signature: Johan Philip Stock-
schleger.) Mongrand, priest.
1795. Baptized, on the ninth day of the month of February, Mary,
daughter of Andrew Hope and his wife Magdalena (born Kaete-
man). Godfather, Matthias Hock (signed Hoak) ; godmother,
Maria Hock. Mongrand, priest.
Signatures: Matthias Hoak Andreas Hop (in German
script.)
1795. Baptized, on the twenty-second day of the month of February,
James, son of Joseph Waguener (Wagner?) and his wife Mar-
garet (born Ritner). Sponsors, Lewis Hekman (Heckman) and
Elizabeth Hekman. Mongrand, priest.
Signature : Lutwig Heckman.
1795. Baptized, on the second day of the month of March, year 1795,
Patrick, aged three months, son of John Bonner and his wife
Bridget (born Crossen). (Possibly McCrosson?). Godfather,
Michael Meckfagen (McFagan?) ; godmother, Margaret Mckdonel
( McDonnell ? ) . Mongrand, priest.
Signature : John Boner.
1795. Baptized, on the twenty-second day of the month of March,
Daniel, aged fifteen days, son of Henry L'Echler (Lechler?) and
his wife Catharine. Godfather, Joseph Hirt; godmother, Barbara
Lechler. Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the thirteenth day of May, Elizabeth, aged three months,
daughter of ( ) Norstrin ( ?) and his wife Mary (born
Fadem). Godfather, Charles Macfredim ( ?) ; godmother, Mary
Michefreket (?). Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the fifteenth day of the month of May, John, aged three
months, son of Michael Scalagar and his wife Frances. God-
father, John Gloelen (possibly Llewellyn?) ; godmother, Mary
Oweb (Webb?). Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the fifteenth day of the month of May, Nicholas, son of
Edward Meguenele (McGinley?) and his wife Elizabeth. God-
father, Mark Duguen (Dugan?) ; godmother, Catharine Gresse(?).
Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the sixteenth day of the month of May, Elizabeth, aged)
four months, daughter of Joseph Andre and his wife Mary. God-
mother, Elizabeth Joseph. Mongrand, priest.
50 American Catholic Historical Society
Baptized, on the sixteenth day of the month of May, Anna Maria,
daughter of known father and Margaret Tardea. Godmother,
Anna Maria Leon. Mongrand, priest.
(The Latin script first ran, patris incogniti; but was revised to read,
patris cogniti.)
Baptized, on the twenty-second day of the month of May, George,
aged four months, son of Thomas Resler and his wife Elizabeth.
Godfather, George Tout (Dutt?) ; godmother, Anna Maria Tout.
Mongrand, priest.
Signature: Georg Dutt. (Georg in German script; Dutt in Eng-
lish.)
Baptized, on the twenty-second day of the month of May, Pauline,
aged two months, daughter of John Kergimond (?) and Catherine
Kergimond. Godfather, Andrew Hoop {Hop? as in signatures
supra, Andreas Hop) ; godmother, Magdalena Hoop. Mongrand,
priest.
Baptized, on June the seventh, Mary, daughter of David Gaerbel(?)
and Mary Botler. Godfather, James Guelen (Whalen?) ; god-
mother, Mary Botler. (Probably Butler is meant). Mongrand.
Baptized, on the twelfth day of June, Anna, daughter of Simeon jken
and his wife Anna jken (?). Godfather, Joseph Hirt; godmother,
Cecilia Hirt. Charles Mongrand, priest.
The form jken somewhat baffles plausible conjecture. If jken =
iken, maybe Egan is meant?)
Baptized, on the thirteenth day of the month of June, Paul, son of
Charles Galagar (Gallagher?) and his wife Mary. Godfather,
Paul Odonel (O'Donnell?) ; godmother, Elizabeth Riveli(?).
Mongrand, priest.
Signatures: Cornelius Harkins
Charles Galleher
Baptized, on the fifth day of the month of July, Elizabeth, daughter
of James Penn and his wife Elizabeth. Godmother, Elizabeth
ilkerai (?) . Mongrand.
Baptized, on the twenty-fourth day of the month of July, Anna Bar-
bara, daughter of Barnaby Corns ( ?) and his wife Elizabeth. God-
father, John Arnesai(?); godmother, Bridget. (Her surname
not specified.) Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the ninth day of the month of August, John, aged one
month, son of John Stoksletre (Stocksleger) and his wife Bar-
bara. Godfather, Peter Stoksletre; godmother, Catharine Lekler
Lechler?). Mongrand, priest.
Signature: Peter Stocksleger (German script).
Baptismal Records 51
Baptized, on the twenty-second day of the month of August, Francis
Joseph, son of Philip Stoksletre (Stocksleger?) and his wife Mag-
dalena. Godfather, Francis Joseph Hirt. Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the thirtieth day of the month of August, Susanna, daugh-
ter of Henry Norbeth (Norbeck?) and his wife Catharine. God-
father, Anthony; godmother, Susanna Antony. Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the fourteenth day of the month of September, Paulina,
daughter of John Mongrand and his wife Mary. Godfather,
Timothy Mallay ( ?) ; godmother, Christiana Remy. Mongrand.
Baptized, on the twentieth day of the month of September, Margaret,
daughter of Thomas Briday (Brady?) and his wife Ellen. God-
father, John Conoe (Conway?) ; godmother, Mary Goire (Mc-
Guire?). Mongrand, priest.
Baptized, on the twentieth day of the month of September, Catharine,
daughter of Gaspard Remy and his wife Margaret. Godfather,
Philip Antoni (Antony?) ; godmother, Barbara Antoni. Mon-
grand, priest.
Baptized, on the twentieth day of the month of September, Julius
Adolphus, aged two months, lawful son of Master Philip Peticolas
and his wife, Madam Amelia Moneuse. Godfather, Master Michael
Burger (Berger?) ; godmother, Madam Elizabeth Burger (Ber-
ger ? ) . Mongrand, priest.
Signatures :
P A Peticolas
Michael Berger
Lisabeth Bergern (German script).
(Thus far the baptismal records of Father Mongrand.)
