Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF BAPTISMS, 1741-2. 317
were probably the most interesting period of his labors, that
of the hostile Indian incursions and massacres in Berks county.
The editor had originally intended to give, along with these
registers, geographical and historical annotations
;
but his in-
vestigations have been rewarded with so vast and rich a mass
of valuable material that he has been persuaded to utilize it
in a separate historical essay covering the territory and time
of Father Schneider's mission in this country. This work is
now nearly completed. It is put in the form of a paper, which
he intends to read before the American Catholic Historical
Society some time in the early part of next year. Until then
the uninitiated are left to guess at the location and present name
of many of the places mentioned by our pioneer missionary,
whose parish embraced all the territory in Pennsylvania
north of the Schuykill and the Neshaminy rivers, and had the
whole colony of New Jersey as an annexed mission.
We now proceed to give a translation and adaptation of the
registers under their separate headings :
I. BAPTISMS.
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1741.
Kohl, Albertina, of George and Barbara Kohl, born May 6th, baptized
August 23d, in John Utzman's house in Falkner's Swamp ; sponsors
John Utzman and Albertina (Luth.), his wife.
Magudiens, Catharine and Mary, of Patrick and Magudiens (Irish),
baptized December 23d, in their parents' house, in the Swedish set-
tlement
; sponsor Judith Coners, widow.
Uizman, George, of John and Albertina (Luth.) Utzman, baptized De-
cember 26th
; sponsor George Kuhn.
Lery, George Henry, of Derby Lery (Irish) and Anna Margaret ,
baptized December 23th, in the house of Henry Michel, who served
as sponsor.
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1742.
Comins, Timothy, of Michael and Comins (Irish), baptized Jan-
uary 13th, in parents' house, in the Swedish colony ; sponsors
John Larkin and Judith Coners, widow.
3l8 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Crossby, Thomas, of Farrel and Crossby (Irish), baptized the same
day, at the same place ; sponsor Michael Magdanel.
Mayer, Joseph Caspar, of Caspar and Mayer, baptized January
22d
; sponsor Joseph Kuhn.
Lang, Eva Mary, of James (Calv.) and Apollonia Lang, baptized Febru-
ary 28th
; sponsors George Kuhn and his sister, Eva Mary.
Frantz, Mary Apollonia, of James and Frantz, baptized March
4th, in Wendelin Helffer's house, in Bethlehem country ; sponsors
Simon Becker and Wendelin Helffer's wife.
Friderich, George Reinold, of Philip (commonly called the stone-breaker)
and - Friderich, baptized March 9th, nearGermantown ; spon-
sors John George Schwartzmann and his wife.
Kuhn, Anna Barbara, of Henry and Margaret Kuhn, baptized March
28th, in John Kuhn's house
; sponsors John Kuhn and Anna Bar-
bara, his wife.
Kill, Philip, of George and - (P.) Kill, baptized April 18th (Easter
Sunday), in John Kuhn's house
; sponsor Eva Maria Kuhn.
Canceler, Sara, of John and Canceler (Irish), baptized April 20th,
in Henry Guibson's house
; sponsors Ambrose Rilay and Judith, his
wife.
Pawlitz, Michael, of Jacob and (P.) Pawlitz, baptized May 17th,
in parents' house in Allemangel.
Meyer, John, (posthumous child) of John (P.) and Mary (P.) Meyer,
baptized the same day at the same place ; sponsor John Meyer (P.).
Onan, Denis, of Denis and Rebecca Onan, baptized May 27th, in Chris-
tian Haug's house in Dinekum
; sponsor Wendelin Helffer.
Maguin, Margaret, of Henry and Mary J^Iaguin ; sponsor Mary Apollonia
Helffer.
Blayny, John, of Edmund and Ann Blayny ; sponsor Patrick Karmick.
McCardy, Nicholas, of Edward and Catharine McCardy ; sponsor Ed-
mund Guereti.
McCardy, Edward, of the same parents ; sponsor Lawrence Mair.
Dorm, John, of John and Catharine Dorm; sponsor Denis Onan.
(All of the above were Catholics, beginning with Onan, Denis.)
Spengler, Mary Eva, of Peter (P.) and Mary Eva Spengler, baptized
July 25th, in John Kuhn's house; sponsor George Kuhn.
Bricker, Ann Elizabeth, of John and Barbara (P.) Bricker, baptized
August 15th, in Jacob Pawlitz's house
; sponsors James (P.) and
Anna (P.) Lantz.
MaKarmick, Elias, of Patrick and MaKarmick, baptized August
29th, in Christian Haug's house
; sponsors Lawrence Mair and
Ann Blayny.
Schwartz, George James, of John (puddler) and Agnes Schwartz, bap-
tized September 26th, in John Kuhn's house; sponsor James
Danckel.
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF BAPTISMS, 1742-3. 319
[Here Father Schneider makes an entry to the effect that in the latter
part of August three persons, whose names were not recorded, were bap-
tized at the New Forge, near Jotter's Mill.]
, John and David, children of a widow whose husband was a
Protestant, baptized October 1 7th, in the house of William Hall
(Irish), near North Wales Meeting House.
Haug, Simon, of Christian and Haug, baptized October 28th, in
parents' house
; sponsors Thomas McCardy and his wife.
Helffer, Mary Apollonia, of Wendelin and Mary Apollonia Helffer,
baptized in the same place ; sponsors John Utzman and Anna Bar-
bara Lorentz.
Gust, Rosina, of Henry and Mary Magdalen Gust, baptized November
7th, in the chapel in Philadelphia ; sponsor George Esselin.
Arnold, George, of George and Arnold, baptized November 8th,
in parents' house, in Germantown
; sponsor Catharine Spengler,
wife of George Spengler, who stood quasi god-father.
Molitor, Anna Martha, of John and (P.) Molitor, baptized the same
day and in the same place ; sponsor Anna Martha, wife of John
Schmidt, who stood as quasi god-father.
Lechler, John, of George Ernest (weaver) and (P.) Lechler, bap-
tized December 12th, in Mark Schiffer's house, in Oley.
Doeri, John, of James and Doeri, baptized December 13th, in
Falkner's Swamp ; sponsor John Utzman.
Keffer, John Peter, of Matthew and Keffer, baptized December
19th, in parents' house, at Maxetani
; sponsor Ursula Luckenbihl.
Reppert, Mary Apollonia, of Stephen and Reppert, baptized De-
cember 25th, the Feast of the Nativity, in John Kuhn's house
; spon-
sor Mary Apollonia Lang.
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1743.
Melchior, George, of Nicholas (P.) and Melchior, baptized Feb-
ruary 13th, in Cushenhopen ; sponsor John George Gauckler.
Johnson, John, of Patrick and Johnson, baptized February 14th,.
near New Furnace.
Calver, Patrick, of
Philip and Calver, baptized February 27th,
in Henry Guibson's house.
Becker, Elizabeth Mary, of Simon and Elizabeth (P.) Becker, baptized
March 16th, in Wendelin Helffer's house
; sponsors Maurice Lorentz
and Eva Mary Immel.
Minime, Anna and Martha, of John and Minime, baptized March
17th, near Dorm Furnace
; sponsor Edward Garden.
Leehoffer, Johanna Catharine Albertina. of Ursula Leehoffer and
32O AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
, baptized March 22d, in the house of John Utzman, who
stood sponsor.
Maurer, John, of John (Calv.) and M. Catharine (Calv.) Maurer, baptized
April 4th, in the same house and with the same sponsor.
, James, of a certain married negress, baptized April 17th, in
James Hoffman's house, in Philadelphia ; sponsors James Hoffman
and his wife.
Pulton, Charles, of Charles and Ruth Pulton (English), baptized May
28th, in parents' house, near Durham Road.
Dorm, Anna, of John and Catharine Dorm, baptized May 29th_the Feast
of the Most Holy Trinity, in Thomas Garden's house, at Haycock;
sponsors Patrick Cardy and Catharine, wife of Edward Cardy.
Mair, David, of Lawrence and Mary Mair, baptized May 30th, in Maurice
Lorentz's house.
Meyer, Catharine, of John (P.) and Mary Meyer, baptized the same day
at the same place ; sponsors, for both Catharine Seibert, and for Da-
vid Patrick MacKarmick.
Rilay, M. Margaret, of Ambrose and Judith Rilay, baptized June 19th, in
parents' house, near New Furnace
; sponsors Frank Gibson and
Margaret, his wife.
Ridgens, Samuel, of John and Mary Ridgens, baptized May 29th, in
Thomas Garden's house
; sponsors Edward Cardy and his wife,
Catharine.
, ,
of Patrick and (an Irish married couple),
baptized July 2d, in Handlon's house, in Frankford
; sponsor Cor-
nelius .
Fick, Mary Susanna, of Jodoc[?] (P.) and Anna Regina (P.) Fick, baptized
July 17th, in Jaacob Pawlitz's house
; sponsor Godfrey Bezel.
Blany, Catharine, of Edmund and Anna Blany, baptized July 31st, in
the house of Ihomas Cardy, who stood sponsor.
Lorentz, John Wendelin, of Maurice and Barbara Lorentz, baptized
August 1st, in parents' house; sponsors John Wendelin Helffer and
A. M. Meyer.
Fitzcharroll, John and Gerald, of Patrick and Elizabeth Fitzcharroll, bap-
tized in the same place ; sponsors Lawrence Mair for John, Wende-
lin Helffer for Gerald, and A. M. Meyer for both.
MacKarmick, Martha, of Patrick and Johanna MacKarmick, baptized
August 2d, in parents' house; sponsor Frank McAgane.
O'Nayl, Thomas, of John and Catharine O'Nayl, baptized on the same
occassion
; sponsor John McClaughlen.
Schiissler, John George, of Henry (Calv.) and Catharine Schiissler, bap-
tized at the same place ; sponsor James Frantz.
Stockschlager, John Adam, of John and A. Martha Stockschlager, bap-
tized August 4th, in parents' house
; sponsor John Adam Bender.
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF BAPTISMS, 1743-4. 321
Kohl, M. Apollonia, of John George and (P.) Kohl, baptized Au-
gust 14th, in George Gauckler's house ; sponsors Wendel Helffer
and Mary Apollonia, his wife.
Canceler, Elizabeth, of John and Mary Canceler, baptized August 24th,
in Mark Schiffer's house, in Oley ; sponsor John Mulcastor and
Margaret, wife of Francis Gibson.
Reiss, David, of Valentine and Elizabeth (P.) Reiss
; sponsor ,
commonly known as " the old widow."
Bender, Johrl Peter, of Adam and Margaret (P.) Bender, baptized Sep-
tember 18th, in parents' house
; sponsors John Stockschleger and A.
Martha, his wife.
Alter, John Martin, of John Martin and Catharine Alter, baptized October
5th, near the Glass Works
; sponsor Joseph Walter.
Schwartzmann, Andrew, of John and Anna Maria Schwartzmann, bap-
tized October 6th, in parents' house, near Germantown
; sponsors
Andrew Engelhard and Walburga, his wife.
Laydon, James, of Maurice and Margaret (Linnert) Laydon, baptized.
October 16th, in John Mulcastor's house
; sponsors Frank Gibson
and Margaret, his wife.
Mayer, Peter James, of Caspar and Mayer, baptized December
26th, in John Utzman's house; sponsor James Doeri.
Onan, Mary, of Denis and Rebecca Onan, baptized December 28th, in
parents' house
; sponsor Ann Blainy.
Rilay, Thomas, of Hugh and Rilay, baptized in Thomas Cardy's
house
; sponsor Edmund Blany.
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1744.
Savage, Henry, of Henry and Savage, baptized January 1st, in
the chapel in Philadelphia ; sponsor Catharine Spengler.
,
Eva Helena, of a certain English married couple, baptized Jan-
uary 8th, in John Kuhn's house
; sponsor M. Eva Schmidt.
Stagle, Melon, of Matthew and Anna Stagle, baptized March 18th, in
Maurice Lorentz's house, in New Jersey ; sponsor Patrick Mac-
Karmick.
Ridgens, John, of John and Mary Ridgens ; sponsors James Lorentz and
Catharine Seibert.
Riley, John, of Charles and Sarah Riley, baptized March 27th, in Henry
Gibson's house
; sponsors Frank Gibson and Margaret, his wife.
Cawlvert, William, of Patrick and Margaret Cawlvert
; sponsors Philip
Cawlvert and Margaret Gibson.
Utzman, Margaret Apollonia, of John and Albertina (Luth.) Utzman,.
322 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
baptized March 28th in parents' house
; sponsors Wendel Helffer
and Apollonia, his wife.
Bischof, Paul, of Peter and Charlotta Bischof, baptized April 1st, in the
chapel in Philadelphia ; sponsors Paul Miiller and Elizabeth Gat-
ringer.
Miiller, Charlotte Elizabeth, of Paul and M. Magdalen Miiller, baptized
April 2d, in the same place ; sponsors Peter Bischoff and Elizabeth
Gatringer.
Staab, Eva Catharine, of John Adam and Catharine Staab, baptized
April 15th, in parents' house, in Allemangel ; sponsors George
Kuhn and Sara Catharine Bewerts.
Koch, Henry, of John Adam and A. Maria (Con.) Koch, baptized April
17th, at Cedar Creek
; sponsors Henry Kuhn and Marg. his wife.
Kuhn, Margaret, of Henry and Margaret Kuhn, baptized April 22d, in
John Kuhn's house
; sponsors John Eckenroth and Margaret, his
wife.
Schmidt, A. Barbara, of Philip and Eva Mary Schmidt
; sponsors John
Kuhn and Anna Barbara, his wife.
Wentzel, Simon, of John William and Catharine (P.) Wentzel, baptized
April 25th, at the Glass Works
; sponsors Simon Griesmeyer and
Susan, his wife.
, Margaret Elizabeth, an adult, baptized April 30th, in the
chapel in Philadelphia ; sponsor Elizabeth Gatringer.
, Christina, an adult Negress, slave (or servant) of Dr. Brown,
in whose house she was baptized ; sponsors the same Dr. Brown*
and his wife.
Griesmeyer, Anna Mary, of Simon and Susanna Griesmeyer ; sponsors
Caspar Alter and A. M., his wife.
Madin, Margaret, of Patrick and Sarah Madin, baptized May (April)
9th, in Michael Comins' house, at Branson's Iron Works
; spon-
sors William Sands and Frances Langford.
Maxfield, Margaret, of James and Catharine Maxfield
; sponsor Patrick
Madin.
Konlen, Patrick, of Denis and Honora Konlen
; sponsor Susan Hickey.
Comins, Thomas, of Michael and Anna Comins
; sponsor Thomas Con-
nor.
Mair, Helena, of Lawrence and Mary Mair, baptized May 19th, in
Jacob Frantz's house, in New Jersey ; sponsors John Murphay and
A. M. Meyer.
Buttler, William, of James and Mary Buttler
; sponsors James Toy and
Catharine Morgan.
Sauter, Simon, of Philip and Christina Sauter, baptized June 6th, in
Matthew Geiger's house, in New Jersey ; sponsors Simon Griesmeyer
and A. M. Beitelmann.
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF BAPTISMS, 1744-5.
Geiger, John Henry, of Matthew and A. Mary Geiger; sponsors William
Wentzel and M. Eva Halter.
Bucher, Elizabeth, of Peter and A. Barbara Bucher, baptized June 17th,
in Jacob Pawlitz's house, in Allemangel ; sponsors Jacob Pawlitz and
M. Elizabeth Seissloff.
Lechler, Martin, of George Ernest and M. Magdalen (P.) Lechler, bap-
tized July 24th, in parents' house, in Oley ; sponsors Martin Reisel
and Catharine Riffel.
Eckenroth, Margaret, of John and Margaret Eckenroth, baptized July
25th, in the priest's house ; sponsors Wendel Helffer and Apollonia,
his wife.
Connely, Peter, of Bernard and Brigid Connely, baptized July 27th, in
Thomas Cardy's house
; sponsors Edward Cardy and Catharine
Harvy.
Frantz, Elizabeth, of Jacob and Eva M. Frantz, baptized July 29th, in
parents' house
; sponsors Adam Sommer and Elizabeth Reiffenber-
ger.
Kelsey, Anna, of Bartholomew and Kelsey, baptized July 30th,
in parents' house, at Bonbrook
; sponsor Nicholas Power.
Chateau, A. Barbara and Catharine, of Nicholas (Calv.) and M. Eva
Chateau, baptized August 7th, in John Molitor's house, near Ger-
mantown
; sponsors A. Barbara Fridrich for the former, and Catha-
rine Riffel for the latter.
Groskopff, A. Margaret, of James and Anna Mary (Calv.) Groskopff;
sponsor John Molitor.
Normand, Richard, of John and Johanna Normand, baptized August
19th, in James Darnay's house, near Branson's Iron Works
; spon-
sors James Darnay and Rose, his wife.
Shay, John, of Edward and Eleanor Shay, in Michael Comins' house
;
sponsors Michael Comins and Sarah, his wife.
Arnold, ,
of George and Margaret Arnold, baptized September
2d, in George Arnold's house in Philadelphia ; sponsor Catharine
Spengler.
Fues, Margaret, of John and Dorothea Fues, baptized September 20th,
in George Ernest Lechler's house, in Oley ; sponsors Martin Reisel
and Margaret Gibson.
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1745.
Ruffener, Jo. M. Eva, of Simon and M. Barbara Ruffener, baptized Feb-
ruary 4th, near Croner's Mill
; sponsor M. Eva Lorentz.
McCardy, Thomas, of Patrick and Ann (P.) McCardy, baptized Febru-
ary 17th, at Haycock ; sponsors Matthew Handlon and Ann
Blany.
324 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Dorm, Margaret, of John (P.) and Catharine Dorm
; sponsors Denis.
Onan and Ann Blany.
Gibson, Henry, of Frank arid Margaret Gibson, baptized March 31st,
in Charles Riles's house
; sponsors Charles Riles and his wife.
Johnson, Edward, of Patrick and Johnson, baptized April 16th
;.
sponsors John Utzman and Albertina, his wife.
Morgan, Ann, of Francis and Catharine Morgan, baptized April 20th ,
sponsors John McCray and A. M. Meyer.
Sommer, John Adam, of Adam and Sominer, baptized April
20th, sponsor James Frantz.
Minimay, John, of John and Mary Minimay, baptized April 22d.
Canceler, George Ernest, of John and Mary Canceler, baptized May 23d;
sponsors George Ernest Lechler and his wife.
Reppert, Daniel, of Stephen and Reppert, baptized May 26th
;.
sponsors James Lang and Apollonia, his wife.
Halter, Andrew, of Caspar and Anna Eva Halter, baptized June 2d, in
Philadelphia; sponsors Martin Gassner and his wife.
Noulen, Ann, of Denis and Honora Noulen, baptized June 16th; spon-
sors Thomas Donahew and Rose Darnay.
Normand, Joseph, of John and Johanna Normand, baptized June 19th,
sponsor James Darnay.
Grismeyer, M. Agnes, of Simon and Susanna Grismeyer, baptized July
9th
; sponsors Caspar and Christina Alter.
Alter, A. Margaret, of Martin and Catharine Alter
; sponsors Christopher
Stumpff and Margaret Schaeffer.
Doeri, George Peter, of James and - Doeri, baptized August 12th
;.
sponsors George Kuhn and Catharine, his wife.
Pulton, Barbara, of Charles and Ruth Pulton
; sponsor Catharine Har-
vay.
, Isaac, of a certain Sarah, who said her husband was a
Catholic; sponsor Charles Pulton.
Riles,. Elizabeth, of Charles and Sarah Riles
; sponsor Michael Comins.
Staab, George Adam, of Adam and Catharine Staab
; sponsors Adam
Koch and Anna Mary, his wife.
Koch, Frederick, of Adam and Anna Mary Koch
; sponsor Henry
Kuhn.
Vaeth, Elizabeth, of Adam and Magdalen (Bruckner) Vaeth
; sponsors
John Peter Hogener and Elizabeth, his wife.
Molitor, Elizabeth, of John and - - Molitor
; sponsor Adam
Spaeth.
Riffel, Anna Barbara, of Matthew and Christina Riffel
; sponsors John
Kuhn and Anna Barbara, his wife.
Wolflinger, ,
of Bernard and Wolflinger.
Kuhn, M. Ottilia, of Henry and Margaret Kuhn
; sponsor Ottilia Meyer.
Schmidt, Catharine, of Philip and Eva Mary Schmidt
; sponsors.
George and Catharine Kuhn.
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF BAPTISMS, 1746. 325
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1746.
Krafft, John George and Michael, twins, of Anna Catharine, widow of
Frederick Krafft, baptized February 20th
; sponsors John George
Gauckler and Michael Reiser (Luth.).
Kohl, George Bernard, of George and Kohl, baptized March
9th.
Connely, Mary, of Bernard and Connely, baptized March 16th
;
sponsor Ann, wife of Edmund Blany. .
Castelah, Mary, of Pierce and Sarah Castelah, baptized March 23d
;
sponsors Thomas Catugn and Mary, wife of Patrick Johnson.
Madin, Elizabeth, of Patrick and Sarah Madin
; sponsors James Ryan
and Eleanor Piisert.
Flaharty, Margaret, of Patrick and Frances Flaharty ; sponsors Charles
Riles and A. M. Utzmann.
Kuhn, George James, of George and Catharine Kuhn, baptized March
31st
; sponsors Jacob Riffel and Ottilia Meyer.
Ridgens, Margaret, of John and Mary Ridgens, baptized April llth;
sponsor Edward Morpheu.
Meyer, John James, of John and Anna Mary Meyer, baptized April 13th
;
sponsor Jacob Lorentz.
Onan, Rebecca, of Denis and Rebecca Onan, baptized April 14th
; spon-
sors Matthew Handlon and Ann, wife of Edmund Blany.
Stockschleger, M. Apollonia, of John and A. Martha Stockschleger, bap-
tized April 17th ; sponsors John Wendelin Helffer and Apollonia,
his wife.
Steyerwald, M. Catharine, of Theobald and A. Marg. Steyerwald, bap-
tized April 20th
; sponsor Adam Koch.
Keffer, A. Dorothy, of Matthew and A. M. Kefter
; sponsors John Fues
and Dorothy, his wife.
Helffer, John Maurice, of John Wendelin and Apollonia Helffer, baptized
May llth
; sponsors Maurice Lorentz and John Stockschleger.
Kerck, Mary, of John and Bridget Kerck, baptized June 15th
; sponsors
Thomas Donahew and Eleanor Shehea.
Ulrich, John Francis, of John and Barbara Ulrich
; sponsor Frank Gib-
son.
Lechler, Anthony, of George Ernest and M. Magdalen Lechler, baptized
June 16th
; sponsor the priest.
Cognway, Margaret, of John and Mary Cognway, baptized June
29th
; sponsors John McCray and Catharine, wife of Francis Mor-
gan.
Stasy, Matthew, of Matthew and Ann Stasy, sponsors John McClaughlen
and Gaudentia, his wife.
326 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
Mair, John, of Lawrence and Mair
; sponsor Edward Mor-
pheu.
Spies, Anna Magdalen, of Wolffgang and Catharine Spies, baptized July
14th
; sponsor A. Mary Bechtl.
Lorentz, Joseph, of Maurice and Barbara Lorentz, baptized July 17th ;
sponsors John Wendelin Helffer and Apollonia, his wife.
Fuss, A. Catharine, of John and Dorothy Fuss, baptized July 20th
; spon-
sors Adam Staab and Catharine, his wife.
Wentzel, Theodore, of William and Catharine Wentzel, baptized August
5th, in Matthew Geiger's house
; sponsor the priest.
Villar, John George, of Anthony and M. Eva Villar, baptized September
14th, in Philadelphia ; sponsors John George Ulrich and Anna Cath-
arine .
Shaw, Johanna, of - - and Shaw, baptized September
21st.
Reppert, James, of Stephen and Reppert, baptized September
28th
; sponsors James Lang (P.) and Apollonia, his. wife.
Schwager, Wolffgang Adam, of Peter and Anna Magdalen Schwager ;
sponsors Adam Vaeth (the bridge builder) and Magdalen, his
wife.
Sommer, John Henry, of Adam and Sommer, baptized Sep-
tember 29th, in the priest's house
; sponsor John Henry Pisbing.
Gassner, Edward Daniel, of Caspar and Elizabeth Gassner, baptized Oc-
tober 5th, in Philadelphia ; sponsor Edward .
Darsey, Daniel and Johanna, of Charles and Elizabeth Darsey, baptized
October 6th, in Matthew Geiger's house; sponsor James Lestrange.
Guill, Peter, of Patrick and Guill
; sponsor Daniel Sulivan.
Sauter, Philip, of Philip and Christina Sauter ; sponsors John Martin
Alter and Eva, wife of Caspar Alter.
Bewerts, Henry, of John and M. Ottilia Bewerts, baptized October 19th,
in Adam Staab's house ; sponsors Henry Kuhn and Margaret, his
wife.
Eckroth, Catharine, of John and Margaret Eckroth, baptized November
17th, in parents' house ; sponsors George Kuhn and Catharine, his
wife.
Smith, Philip, af Patrick and Elizabeth Smith, baptized November 30th,
at Haycock ; sponsors Edmund Morphey and Catharine Harvey.
BAPTISMS FOR THE YEAR 1747.
Noulen, Denis, of Denis and Honora Noulen, baptized January 8th;
sponsor Edward Hogan.
Hogan, Mary, of Edward and Sarah Hogan ; sponsor Denis Noulen.
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF BAPTISMS, 1747. 327
Cardy, John, of Patrick and Ann Cardy, baptized January 18th, at Hay-
cock.
Handlon, John, of Matthew and Rachel Handlon
; sponsors Edward
Morpheu and Catharine Harvey.
Ruffener, Adam, of Simon and M. Barbara Ruffener, baptized April 17th,
in the preist's house
; sponsors Adam Bruckner and Magdalen, his
wife.
Kuhn, Anna Catharine, of Henry and Margaret Kuhn, baptized April
13th, in parents' house
; sponsors Adam Staab and A. Catharine,
his wife.
Minimay, William, of John and Minimay, baptized April 25th,
in Thomas Cardy's house
; sponsors Edward Cardy and Rebecca
Onan.
Smith, David, of Patrick and Elizabeth Smith
; sponsors Thomas Cardy
and Ann, his wife.
Frantz, Simon, of Jacob and Eva M. Frantz, baptized April 26th
; spon-
sors Simon Becker and Immel.
Morgan, M. Elizabeth, of Frank and Catharine Morgan ; sponsors David
Conaugh and A. M. Meyer.
Pulton, Ruth, of Charles and Ruth Pulton, baptized April 28th.
Alter, Simon, of Caspar and Eva Alter, baptized May 4th
; sponsors Si-
mon Griesmeyer and Barbara Bachmann.
Geiger, Simon, of Matthew and A. M. Geiger ; sponsors Martin Alter
and Christina, his sister.
,
Rachel
; sponsor Simon Griesmeyer.
Utzman, Sarah, of John and Albertina Utzman, baptized May 17th, spon-
sors Frank Gibson and Mary Johnson.
Maxfield, Isabella, of Catharine, widow of James Maxfield
; sponsors
James Bryan and A. M. Utzman.
Keragan, Thomas, of Manasses [Manus ?] and Johanna (Crames) Kera-
gan ; sponsor Thomas Bissit.
[Thus abruptly ends Father Schneider's register of baptisms. Closely
following, on the same page, but in a far different hand and much
smaller characters, more difficult to read, are recorded three baptisms,
dated November 18th, 1764 (which will be found placed in their proper
chronological order in this list); and on the next page are two others, of
the Bock (Buck) family, one dated October 16th, 1763, and the other of
the year 1764, but without mention of month or day. Closely following
the last of these is a single line of an unfinished record, which reads,
"
1740, 10 Julii Ann. Margaretha fil." Then, with two blank pages inter-
vening, there is a whole page of entries of the Hookey family, which look
as if they might have been copied in Father De Ritter's time from
memoranda that had been hept privately by some interested person. The
spelling of the surname may seem peculiar to modern eyes acquainted
328 AMERICAN CATHOLIC HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
with the present generation of the family ;
but it is the same as was used
by Father De Ritter thirty years later than the birth of these children.
There are a few other records of the year 1764, preceding the death of
Father Schneider, which occurred on July 10th of that year ;
and in these
instances Father Farmer came from Philadelphia to officiate. The few
scattered registers referred to above are given below in regular chrono-
logical order.]
Hucki, Elizabeth, of Nicholas and Catharine (Kleyss) Hucki, born Sep-
tember 29th, 1751, baptized October 17th following in Edward
Carty's house
; sponsors Anthony Griisser and Elizabeth, his wife.
Hucki, Catharine, of the same parents, born January 12th, 1753, bap-
tized February 18th following, in the same place ; sponsors George
Kohl and Barbara, his wife.
Hucki, Anthony,* of the same parents, born April , 1755, baptized
on the 17th of the same month, ibid.
; sponsors Anthony Griisser and
Elizabeth Kleyss, his wife.
Hucki, Nicholas, of the same parents, born about the end of March or
beginning of April, 1757, baptized in the same place on April 17th
of the same year ; sponsors Joseph Kohl and Barbara Henrich.
Hucki, John George.f of the same parents, born May 6th, 1759, baptized
in the same place June 17th following; sponsors George Kohl and
Barbara Kohl.
Bock, Leonard, of Nicholas and Apollonia Bock, baptized October 10th,
1763, sponsors Leonard Beutelman and Salome Fricker.
Bock, Joseph, of the same parents, baptized , 1764, sponsor
Joseph Kohl.
Schmidt, John George, of Philip and Ursula (Zip) Schmidt, born Novem-
ber 23d, 1763, baptized [privately ?] when eleven weeks old, by Henry
Fredder, the schoolmaster, at Couissahopen ;
Chrism given by P.
Frambachs [ceremonies supplied by Father Farmer ?] ; sponsors
George Zip and Eva Zip.
Ristel, Bernard, of Matthew and Christina (Danner) Ristel, born in Ma-
cunshi, May 22d, 1764, baptized June 30th following, at Goshenhop-
pen, by Father Farmer
; sponsors Melchior Ziegler and Catharine,
his wife.
Rohr, John Martin, of Martin and Anna Mary Rohr, born this year, bap-
tized in the parents' house the same month as the last named infant
by Father Ferdinand Farmer, Father Theodore [Schneider] being
then in his last illness
; sponsors John Grett and Elizabeth, his
wife.
Lorentz, Henry, of Maurice and Mary Lorentz, baptized November 18th;
sponsors Henry Fredder and Anna Mary, his wife.
* Ancestor of the Drexel family of Philadelphia.
f Ancestor of the present Hookey family of Philadelphia.
FATHER SCHNEIDER'S REGISTER OF MARRIAGES. 329
Norbudy, John Daniel, of Henry and Mary Norbudy ; sponsors Henry
Hein and Magdalen, his wife.
Hoffman, Margaret, of Michael and Catharine Hoffman
; sponsors
Martin and Catharine Moulier.
[The last three entries, which are recorded on the same page with
the last of Father Schneider's own records, are so indistinctly writ-
ten that some of the words can only be guessed at. They are the last
in date recorded at Goshenhoppen prior to Father De Kilter's arrival in
the Summer of 1765, after which time the registers were kept regu-
larly.]
II. MARRIAGES.
Laub : December 8th, 1741, in the chapel in Philadelphia,
John Michael Laub to Regina ,
widow
;
witnesses John
Schmidt and several others, Protestants as well as Catholics.
Dubon Krebs : March 7th [1742], ibid., Lawrence Dubon, widower, to
Anna Mary Walburger (Luth.), widow of Jacob Krebs, in the pres-
ence of several witnesses.
Magdanel Welsh : March 9th, ibid., after dispensation and in presence
of witnesses, Edmund Magdanel to Sarah We'lsh, both Irish.
Rilay : April 19th, after publication of the banns in the city
and in the country, in Henry Guibson's house, in presence of many
witnesses, Catholics and non-Catholics, Ambrose Rilay to Judith
(O'Nayl) , widow.
Schwartz Fischer : July 12th, in George Zimmermann's house, John
Schwartz, puddler, to Agnes Fischer (P.) ;
witnesses George Zim-
mermann and wife.
Miiller Gartner : Christmas day, in John Kuhn's house, John Henry
Muller (P.) to Anna Margaret Gartner(P.),in the presence of witnesses.
Hogner : March 8th [1743], in the Philadelphia chapel,
Peter Hogner, widower, to Elizabeth (P-)> widow; in pres-
ence of several witnesses.
Staab Bewerts : April 4th, in John Utzman's house in Falkner's swamp,
John Adam Staab to Catharine Bewerts
;
several witnesses were
present.
Gibson Brodbeck : April 5th, in Henry Gibson's house on the Schuyl-
kill, Frank, son of the said Henry Gibson, to Margaret Brodbeck, a
German
;
witnesses the bridegroom's father arid mother and
another married couple of the neighborhood.
Muller Walltrich : April llth, in the Philadelphia chapel, Paul Muller
to Mary Magdalen Walltrich
;
witnesses the bride's parents and
several others.
