Records of the American Catholic Historical Society of Philadelphia
FATHER PETER HEIBRON'S GREENSBURG, PA,
REGISTER
{Continued)
Copied from the original by the Rev. Father John, O. S. B., of Saint
Vincent's Abbey, Pennsylvania. Translated by Lawrence F. Flick,
M.D., LL.D.
1806
Handel, Joseph, of Dionysius and Catharine Handel, six weeks old,
baptized January 5th. Sponsors, Joseph Handel and Mary Braun
[Brown?].
Mcfeyn, William, of Patrick and Anna Mcfeyn, born July 3ist (evi-
dently of the preceding year), baptized March Qth. Sponsors, Dio-
nysius Conner and Elizabeth, his sister.
Original book, page 48.
Vagener, Henry, of John and) Barbara Vagener, born February 25th,
baptized April 3d. Sponsors Henry and Elizabeth Brik.
Septer, Margaret, of Adam and Mary Septer, born January i4th, bap-
tized! April 6th. Sponsors, Peter and Margaret Noell.
Ruffner, Salome, of Christian and.1 Mary Ruffner, born January 4th,
baptized April 6th. Sponsors, John Henry Ruffner and Mary Ruff-
ner, maiden.
Duff, Anna, of Paul and Anna Duff, born January 8th, baptized April
6th. Sponsors, John Hargen and Bridget Rogers.
Brannen, Peter, of Michael and Mary Brannen, born April 2d, baptized
May 4th. Sponsors, Anthony Bern [Byrne?] and his wife.
Schmidt, Catharine, of Matthias and Elizabeth Schmidt, born 'January
ist, baptized May 4th. Sponsors, Nicholas and Susan Schwoerer.
Reily, Margaret, of Martin and Anna Reily, date of birth not given,
baptized May 4th. Sponsors, Patrick Hely [Healy?] and Anna,
his wife.
Reily, Mary, of Martin and Anna Reily, three years old, baptized May
4th. Sponsors, one of the Hely family and Anna.
Lachly, Salome, of John anad Margaret Lachly, born April 5th, bap-
tized May 4th. Sponsors, Andrew Claudwill and his wife.
Gihlen, Margaret, of Philip and Susan Gihlen, born April pth, baptized
May 5th. Sponsors, Andrew Gihlen and Mary Gihlen, widow.
Mecdonnel [McDonald?], Rose, of Mecdonnel and Rose, his
wife, born June 3Oth (evidently of the preceding year), baptized
May loth. Sponsors, John and Catharine Meyer.
Father Peter Helbron's Register 347
Wite [White?], Anthony, of James and Elizabeth Wite, date of birth
not given, baptized May nth. Sponsors, Quickly [Quigly?]
and wife.
Galeghar [Gallagher?], Charles, of Michael and Margaret Galeghar,
date of birth not given, baptized May nth. Sponsors not given.
, Jacob, six years old (surname of child not given and names of
parents not given), baptized May nth. Sponsors, Schoerer
and Mary Haegen.
Original book, page 49.
White, James, of White and Elizabeth, his wife, date of birth
not given, baptized May nth. Sponsors, James and Cecilia Reily.
Haege, George, of Abraham and Anna Haege, bom October 4th (evi-
dently of the preceding year), baptized May nth. Sponsors, John
and Anna McQuire [McGuire?].
Reily, Anna, of James and Cecilia Reily, date of birth not given, bap-
tized May nth. Sponsors, John Meguire [McGuire?] and Rose
Manteck [Montague?].
Galegher [Gallagher?], Margaret of Michael and Margaret Galegher,
date of birth not given, baptized May nth. Sponsors, James Braun
[Brown?] and his sister.
Wilterstaedt, Rose, of John and Petronilla Wilterstaedt, date of birth
not given, baptized May nth. Sponsors, Clearsen and Margaret.
Daugerthy [Dougherty?], Charles, of James and Anna Daugerthy, date
of birth not given, baptized May I2th. Sponsors, John Quickly and
Bridget Daugerthy.
Roger, Anna, of Frank and Elizabeth Roger, date of birth not given,
baptized May nth. Sponsors', Simon Manteck [Montague?] and
Mary McQuier [McGuire?].
Victor, Anna, of John and Margaret Victor, date of birth not given,
baptized May i8th. Sponsors, Michael and Elizabeth Schoerer.
Them, Mails Joseph, of Michael Them and his wife Elizabeth, born
July igth (evidently of the preceding year), baptized May i8th.
Sponsors, Edward Borns [Burns?] and Anna Trox.
Galeghar [Gallagher?], Susan, of Adam and Mary Galeghar, born
March 2d, baptized May igth. Sponsors, Charles and Catharine
Haergen.
Morris, Margaret, of John and Catharine Morris, three years old, bap-
tized May ioth. Sponsors, Patrick Mecguier [McGuire?] and Eva
Victor.
Morris, Reuben, of John and Catharine Morris, six years old, baptized
May igth. Sponsors, Gerard Meccherry [McSherry?] and Bridget
Mecdemart [McDermott?].
Deleny, Elizabeth, of Dionysius and Mary Deleny, date of birth not
given, baptized May igth. Sponsors, Martin and Mary Therren.
348 American Catholic Historical Society
Original book, page 50.
Meccherry [McSherry?], Margaret, of Gerhard and Catharine Mec-
cherry, born July isth (evidently of the preceding year), baptized
May igth. Sponsors, George and Mary Trox.
Victor, Mary, of John and Mary Victor, born March 25th, baptized
May 25th. Sponsors, Hughy Beyl [Boyle?] and Mary Casthler.
Phillippi, Thomas, of Thomas and Mary Phillippi, date of birth not
given, baptized May 25th. Sponsors, Jacob Eysenaagel and Susan
Bayl [Boyle?].
Gerry, James, of Timothy and Susan Gerry, date of birth not given,
baptized May 25th. Sponsors, Patrick Car [Carr?] and Sophie
Mecferryn.
Mecbraid [McBride?], Petronilla, of Mecbraid and Catharine
his wife, date of birth not given, baptized May 25th. Sponsors,
John and Mary Meckiver.
Caleghar [Gallagher?], Catharine, of John and Mary Caleghar, date of
birth not given, baptized May 25th. Sponsors, Hughy Bail [Boyle?]
and Catharine Galeghar.
Isly [Easly?], Margaret, of Ferdinand and Margaret Isly, born June
8th, baptized June pth. Sponsors, John Borgoon [Burgoon?] and
Mary Muller.
Carren, Salome, of John and Margaret Carren, born April I7th, bap-
tized June 22d. Sponsors, James Roger and Eppy Coll.
Bivers, Barbara, of Thomas and Elizabeth Bivers, born March 2d, bap-
tized June 29th. Sponsors, John Henry and Mary Zinsdorff.
Bivers, Elizabeth, of Thomas and Elizabeth Bivers, two years old, bap-
tized June 22d. Sponsor, Elizabeth Henling.
Original book, page 51.
Ruffner, Mary Magdalen, of George and Sibylla Ruffner, born May
I3th, baptized July I3th. Sponsors, Simon Noel and Catharine Isly
[Easly?].
Meccefferty [McCafferty?], Charles, of Jacob Meccefferty and Cath-
arine his wife, born May 23d, baptized July 2Oth. Sponsors, John
and Mary Chalegar [Gallagher?].
Schilz [Schulz?], Catharine, of William and Mary Schilz, born March
27th, baptized July 28th. Sponsors, Simon and Catharine Ruffner.
Noel, Joseph, of Joseph and Margaret Noel, born August 3d, baptized
October 5th. Sponsors, Joseph Schmidt and Elizabeth, maiden.
1807
Merckell, George, of John and Barbara Merckell, born November I3th
(evidently of the preceding year), baptized March 2pth. Sponsors,
John Henry and Mary Zinsdorff, maiden.
Brick, Theresa, of Peter and Margaret Brick, born January 21 st, bap-
Father Peter Helbron's Register 349
tized March 29th. Sponsors, George Ruffner and Theresa Brick,
maiden.
Miiller, Mary, of Martin and Magdalen Miiller, born December 25th
(evidently of the preceding year), baptized March 29th. Sponsors,
Frederick Kins and Anna Mary Henrich, maiden.
Koss, Elizabeth, of Joseph Koss and Mary Dopper, his wife, born Jan-
uary nth, baptized March 3Oth. Sponsors, Joseph Aaron and
Elizabeth Dopper, maiden.
Original book, page 52.
Noell, Michael, of Peter and Margaret Noell, born December 1st (evi-
dently of the preceding year), baptized April 4th. Sponsors, Adam
Kuhn and Mary Andress, maiden.
Peyfer, Peter, of George and Anna Peyfer, born August gth (evidently
of the preceding year), baptized May 25th. Sponsors, Henry Kuhn
and Elizabeth Miiller.
Schwerer, Nicholas, of Nicholas Schwerer and Catharine Gartner, his
wife, date of birth not given, baptized May 4th. Sponsors, James
Meccful and Mary Schmidt.
Schwerer, Christina* of Nicholas and Catharine Schwerer, date of birth
not given, baptized May 4th. Sponsors, Matthias Schmid and
Elizabeth Henn.
Schwerer, Peter, of Nicholas and Catharine Schwerer, born September
7th, 1804, baptized May 4th. Sponsors, Peter Henn and Helen
Meccfull [McFaul?].
Fields, Mary, of Philip and Catharine Fields, date of birth not given,
baptized May 4th. Sponsors, Matthew Duff and Anna Fields.
Dagourthy [Dougherty?], John Benjamin, of James and Isabella Da-
gourthy, date of birth not given, baptized May loth. Sponsors,
Henry Monteck [Montague?] and Rose his wife.
O'Dannel, James, of Felix and Catharine O'Dannel, date of birth not
given, baptized May loth. Sponsors, John McQuire [McGuire?]
and Mary Monteck [Montague?].
Merly, Sara, of James and Catharine Merly, date of birth not given,
baptized May loth. Sponsors, Michael and Bridget Dagounthy
[Dougherty?].
Vorckman, Samuel Daniel, of Jacob and Mary Vorckman, date of
birth not given, baptized May lyth. Sponsors, George Trox and
Ann his wife.
Gelaspy [Gillespie?], Thomas, of Neil and Elizabeth Gelaspy, born
March 26th, 1807, baptized May I7th. Sponsors, Edmund Barry
and Susan Trox.
Meccedell, Elizabeth, of Patrick and Elizabeth Meccedell, date of birth
not given, baptized May iTth. Sponsors, John Cannady [Ken-
nedy?] and Elizabeth Therrin.
350 American Catholic Historical Society
Original look, page 53.
Aschman, Aaron, of William and Catharine Aschman, daite of birth not
given, baptized May I7th. Sponsors, John Kuhn and Mary Muller.
Meckeen [McKean?], Mary, of James Meckeen, twenty-one years of
age, baptized May 27th and received into the church at the same
time, having made her profession of Faith.
Cally [Kelly?], Mary, of John and Catharine Cally, date of birth not
given, baptized May 24th. Sponsors, Edward Meccingly [McKin-
ley] and Catharine his wife. (Then here follows the second entry
of sponsors as Edward Meccingly and Bridget.)
Meccferrling, Edward, of Charles and Bridget Meccferling, date of
birth not given, baptized May 24th. Sponsors, Daniel Boyl [Boyle?]
and Catharine Meccferrling.
Carr, Crescentia, of Manasses and Catharine Carr, date of birth not
given, baptized May I4th. Sponsors, John Hagerthy [Hagerty?]
and Catharine Dugen.
Dugen, John, of John and Catharine Dugen, date of birth not given,
baptized May I4th. Sponsors, Timothy and Petronilla Car.
Car [Carr?], Susan, of Patrick and Petronilla Car, date of birth not
given, baptized May I4th. Sponsors, Hugo and Mary Boyl
[Boyle?].
Mecgiven, Nicholas, of John and Mary McGiven, date of birth not
given, baptized May I4th. Sponsors, John Meccferring and Susan
Boyl [Boyle?].
Pathen [Patton?], Peter, of Pathen and Frances his wife, date
of birth not given, baptized May I4th. Sponsors, Daniel and Gene-
vieve Boyl [Boyle?].
Car [Carr?], Catharine, of Charles and Anna Car, date of birth not
given, baptized May I4th. Sponsors, James Meccingly [McKin-
ley?] and Catharine Galaugher.
Dagourthy, Petronilla, of Nicholas and Crescentia Dagourthy, date of
birth not given, baptized May I4th. Sponsors, John and Mary
Meccingly.
Meccbraid [McBride?], George Car, lawful son of Thomas and Mary
Meccbraid, date of birth not given, baptized May 24th. Sponsors,
Thomas Meccbraid and Mary Caster.
Original book, page 54.
Hargens, William, of John and Bridget Hargens, born January isth,
baptized June 2oth. Sponsors, Paul Doff and Bridget Meccdamerd
[McDermott?].
O'Donner, Mary, of Daniel and Cecilia O'Donner, born October i6th,
1806, baptized July iQth. Sponsors, Patrick Meccdamert [McDer-
mott?] and Ann Corrh
Patten, John, of James and Rachel Patten, born February nth, baptized
September I3th. Sponsors, John Burgoon and Mary his wife.
Father Peter Helbroris Register 351
Ruffner, John, of George and Elizabeth Ruffner, born August 2iat,
baptized September i3th. Sponsors, John Henry and Elizabeth
Ruffner.
Griffen, Andrew, of John and Mary Griffen, born November 3, 1806,
baptized November isth. Sponsors> George Ruffner and Sibylla
his wife.
Dieder, Peter, of Henry and Catharine Dieder, born May oth, baptized
December 25th. Sponsors, Peter Muller and Catharine Dopper,
maiden.
Griefen, Mary Magdalen, of Henry and Magdalen Griefen, born June
3d, baptized December 27th. Sponsors, Simon Ruffner and Cath-
arine his wife.
1808
Magen, Margaret, of Bernard and Salome Magen, born March 2(jth
(evidently of the preceding year), baptized January loth. Sponsors,
Henry Kuhn and Margaret Broun'.
Dauff, , of Paul and Johanna Dauff, born August 8th (evidently
of the preceding year), baptized January iSth. Sponsors, Philip
Dauffy [Duffy?] and Margaret Corry, his wife.
Original, book, page 55.
Wagener, Susan, of John and Barbara Wagener, born February i8th,
baptized April 24th. Sponsors, Timothy Conner and Petronilla
his wife.
Septer, Catharine, of Adam and Mary Septer, born December I2th
(evidently of the preceding year), baptized April 24th. Sponsors,
George and Elizabeth Ruffner.
Brick, John, of Henry and' Elizabeth Brick, born January I4th, bap-
tized April 24th. Sponsors, John Wagener and Barbara his wife.
O'Donnel, Hugo, of Daniel and Cecilia O'Donnel, born February loth,
baptized April 24th. Sponsors, Patrick McDarmer and Mary Roger.
Megardy [McCarthy?], Elizabeth, of Patrick and Elizabeth Megardy,
three months old, baptized May 1st. Sponsors, John Mecannery
and Eleanor his wife.
Mecadeny, John^ of Peter and Bridget Mecadeny, born on the 2Oth
(month and' year not given), baptized May ist. Sponsors, John
Dagaurthy and Mary his wife.
Mecadeny, Bridget, of 'Peter and Bridget Mecadeny, four years old,
baptized May ist. Sponsors, Daniel Fields and Mary Quickly
[Quigley?].
Fields, Elizabeth, of Philip and Catharine Fields, born 27th (month
not given), 1807, baptized May 1st. Sponsors, Jacob Muller and
Sara his wife.
Muller, Mary, of Jacob and Sara Muller, born August 28th, 1807, bap-
tized May ist. Sponsors, Balthasar Good and Martha Douff.
352 American Catholic Historical Society
Good, John, of Balthasar and Rose Good, born March 2Oth, 1807, bap-
tized May ist. Sponsors, Matthew Schmidt and Elizabeth Eisner.
Original book, page 56.
May, Patrick, of Patrick and Mary May, born February 25th, 1808,
baptized May ist. Sponsors, William Porcker and Elizabeth Me-
quier [McGuire?].
Brennen, Timothy, of Michael and Mary Brennen, born July I4th, 1807,
baptized May ist. Sponsors, Christopher and Catharine Brennen.
O'Harra, Mary, of Philip and Catharine O'Harra, born February 25th,
baptized May ist. Sponsors, John Lochery and Mary O'Harra.
Thomas, Thomas, of William and Mary Thomas, born December 2pth
(evidently of the preceding year), baptized May ist. Sponsors,
Leonard Doppens and Salome Cifiny.
Meccfaull [McFaul?], James, of John and Mary Meccfaull, born Feb-
ruary 2oth, baptized May ist. Sponsors, William Thomas and
Petronilla Ross.
O'Brien, Mary, of Michael and Margaret O'Brien, born May 3d, bap-
tized May 4th. Sponsors, William Forcker [Foraker?] and Anna
his wife.
Meccaffry, Hugo, son of Hugo and Margaret Meccaffry, date of birth
not given, baptized' May 4th. Sponsors, Alexander May and Cecilia
his wife.
Rogers, Patrick, of Frank and Elizabeth Rogers, born January I4th,
baptized May 6th. Sponsors, Samuel Montacc [Montague?] and
Anna Broun [Brown?].
Haegens, Elizabeth, of Atur [Arthur?] and Mary Haegens, born July
ioth (evidently of the preceding year), baptized May 8th. Spon-
sors, Timothy Broun [Brown?] and Anna Collerik.
Schinegen, Joseph, of John and Elizabeth Schinegen^ born September
6th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized May oth. Sponsors,
Patrick Dannely [Donnelly?] and Eleanor Melon.
Meguy [McHugh?], Margaret, of John and Margaret Meguy, five
years old, baptized May 15th. Sponsors, Felix Boyl [Boyle?] and
Anna his wife.
Boyl [Boyle?] Agnes, of Felix and Anna Boyl, a year and a half old,
baptized May isth. Sponsors, Patrick Mequy [McKee?] and Anna
his wife.
Lachery, Margaret, of Patrick and Anna Lachery, born March I4th,
baptized May 15th. Sponsors, James Mecivestin and Anna his wife.
Reily, Mary, of Dionysius and Anna Reily, born May I7th (evidently
of the preceding year), baptized May isth. Sponsors, William
Curry and Anna his wife.
Victor, Julia, of John and Mary Victor, born March nth, baptized
May i6th. Sponsors, George Trox and Anna his wife.
Father Peter Helbroris Register 353
Megrady, Charles, of Patrick and Mary Megrady, born June i6th (evi-
dently of the preceding year), baptized May 2ist. Sponsors,
Charles Flemming and Catharine his wife.
Mecbraid [McBride?], Margaret, of Hugo and Catharine Mecbraid,
born July 2Oth (evidently of the preceding year), baptized May
21 st. Sponsors, Anthony and1 Catharine Kelly.
Kelly, John, of Anthony and Catharine Kelly, born December 7th (evi-
dently of the preceding year), baptized May 21 st. Sponsors, Hugo
and Catharine Mecbraid [McBride?].
Cary, Catharine, of Timothy and Susan Cary, born May 8th, baptized
May 2ist. Sponsors, Patrick and .Sophie Meceelfrey.
Original book, page 57.
Ruffner, , son of George and Sibylla Ruffner, born February ad,
baptized May 26th. Sponsors, Simon and Catharine Ruffner.
Seywert [Seybert?], Rose, born January 21 st, baptized May 2Oh.
Sponsors, Joseph Boock and Rose his wife.
Trox, Amelia Anna, of Nicholas and Ruth Trox, born' March 24th,
baptized June 5th. Sponsors, John Borgoon [Burgoon?] and Mary
his wife.
Merckell, Joseph, of John and Barbara Merckell, born April 6th, bap-
tized June 5th. Sponsors, Jacob Henry and Margaret Syndorf.
Meccannell [McConnell?], Genevieve, of Jacob and Mary Meccannell,
born February isth, baptized June 5th. Sponsors, Timothy Conner
and Margaret his daughter.
Borgoon, Joseph, of James and Martha Borgooni, born May 3d, bap-
tized June 5th. Sponsors, James Mecquire [McGuire?] and Petro-
nilla his wife.
Maholland [Mulholland?], Mary Ann, of David and Anna Maholland,
born February 6th, baptized June 5th. Sponsors, Valentine Reinsell
and Elizabeth his sister.
Handell, John, of Joseph and Mary Ann Handell, born May loth, bap-
tized June 5th. Sponsors, Dionysius Handell and Catharine his
wife.
The following are from the month of May:
Goleagher [Gallagher?], John, of Anthony and Bridget Goleagher, born
July i5th (evidently of the preceding year), baptized May 2ist.
Sponsors, Daniel Boyl and .Susan Aron.
Ferry, Mary, of James and Catharine Ferry, born March i2th, baptized
May 2 1 st. Sponsors, John Meccginly [McKinly?] and iSusan
Galeagher [Gallagher?].
Morphy [Murphy?], Anna, of Terence and Margaret Morphy, born
May roth, baptized May 10. Sponsors, Charles Collerick and Mary
Devin.
354 American Catholic Historical Society
Original book, page 58.
Meccginly [McKinley?], James, of James and Catharine Meccginley,
born March I4th, baptized May 21 st. Sponsors, James Hegerthy
[Hagerty?] and Mary Dugen.
Meccferrien, Catharine, of John and Anna Meccferrien, nine years old,
baptized May 2ist. Sponsors, John and Catharine Meccferrien.
Galeagher [Gallagher?], Peter, of John and Mary Galeagher, born Sep-
tember 22d (evidently of the preceding year), baptized May 2ist.
Sponsors, Edward Mecgirley and Bridget his wife.
Coll, Crescentia, of James and Salome Coll, born May 27th (evidently
of the preceding year), baptized May 21 st. Sponsors, Patrick
Boyl and Crescentia Galeagher [Gallagher?].
Dagcarthy [Dougherty?], Eleazer, of Lochly and Salome Dagcarthy,
born August 3ist (evidently of the preceding year), baptized June
i2th. Sponsors, George Zinsdorff and Susan, his sister.
Ferrell, Anna, of Cornelius and Margaret Ferrell, born May i6th, bap-
tized June i2th. Sponsors, John Borgoon and Mary his wife.
Miiller, George, of Martin and Magdalene Miiller, born May 27th, bap-
tized July 3d. Sponsors, Conrad Henry and Elizabeth Mailer.
Konnly [Conley?], Peter, of Eiden Konnly and Mary Lacheren, born
December 2d, 1807, baptized August isth. Sponsors, R. P. Helbron
and Mary Wight.
Ruffner, Peter, of Simon and Mary Barbara Ruffner, born August 3d,
baptized August 28th. Sponsors, George Ruffner and Sibylla, his
wife.,
Megill [McGill?], Susan, of James and Bridget Megill, born June 24th,
baptized August 28th. Sponsors, Jacob Hoeny and Catharine, a
maiden.
Bivers, Susan, of Thomas and Elizabeth Bivers, born July I5th, bap-
tized August 28th. Sponsors, Simon Noel and Susan Zinsdorf.
Original book, page 59.
Noell, Margaret, of Joseph and Margaret Noell, born June 25th, bap-
tized September 4th. Sponsors, Simon Ruffner and Margaret
Griffy.
Meckelfy, James, of Patrick and Anna Meckelfy, born July 28th, bap-
tized September 4th. Sponsors, Patrick Dauffy and Elizabeth
Seyfert.
Mechachen, Sara, of Arthur and Margaret Mechachen, seven years old,
baptized October 9th. Sponsors, John Wight and Theresa his wife.
Mechachen, Andrew, son of the same father, baptized October pth.
Sponsor, George Ruffner.
Mechachen, James, another son of the same father, seven years old,
baptized October gith. Sponsor, John Kelly.
Mechachen, Joseph, another son of the same father; five months old,
Father Peter Helbron's Register 355
baptized October gth. Sponsors, Joseph Schmidt and Mary his
wife.
Mechachen, Elizabeth, another daughter of the same father, four years
old, baptized October gth. Sponsors, Christian Ruffner and Cath-
arine his wife.
Mechachen, Mary, another daughter of the same father, two years old,
baptized October pth. .Sponsors, Jacob Allwein and Catherine, his
wife.
Ruffner, Susan, of Christian and Mary Ruffner, born August i6th, bap-
tized October pth. Sponsors, John Wight and Theresa his wife.
Broccley, Bridget, of Patrick and Petronilla Broccley, u years old,
baptized October pth. Sponsors, Patrick Canrowe and his wife.
Pett, Mary, of Henry and Mary Pett, three years old, baptized October
pth. Sponsors, Michael Wiht with his wife.
Thernan, Michael, of Michael and Elizabeth Thernan, five months old,
baptized by R. D. O'Brien on November ist. Sponsors, Patrick
Mecschiveston and Mary Laighton.
Mecary, Elizabeth, of James and Anna Mecary, five years old, baptized
November 6th. Sponsors, Balthasar Good and Helen his wife.
Original book, page 60.
Murry, Mary, of James and Anna Murry, three years old, baptized
November 6th. Sponsors, Alexander May and Margaret Mecady.
Gother, Jacob, of Thomas and Mary Gother, one year old, baptized
November 6th. Sponsors, William Porcy and Anna Morphy.
Kuhn, Mary, of John and Sara Kuhn, eleven, months old, baptized
November 6th. Sponsors, John Mecfaull and Martha his wife.
Kuhn, Samuel, of John and Sara Kuhn, two years old, baptized No-
vember 6th. Sponsors, Christian Brannen and Mary Hugy.
Galgher [Gallagher?], James, of Martin and Margaret Galgher, five
months old, baptized November 6th. Sponsors, Charles Wickley
[Weakland?] and Elizabeth his wife.
Collen, William, of Patrick and Catharine Collen, three months old,
baptized November 6th. Sponsors, William O'Hara and Eleanor
Kelly.
May, Bernard, of Alexander and Cecilia May, two months old, baptized
November 6th. Sponsors, Daniel Morphy and Elizabeth his wife.
Mecanny, Margaret, of John and Helen Mecanny, four months old,
baptized November 7th. Sponsors, Jacob Thull and Sabina Wick-
son.
Thull, Jacob, of Jacob and Sabina Thull, one year old, baptized No-
vember 7th. Sponsors, Patrick Duff and Helen Mecanny.
[TO BE CONTINUED]
