224 Proceedings New Jersey Historical Society 
for the church-edifice did not belong to the Lutherans, but had 
been built by the Provincial authorities; nor could the So-
ciety for the Propagation of the Gospel have employed Bry-
zelius under any other condition than a promised adherence in 
the main to Episcopal forms. 
Mr. Bryzelius was struck with apoplexy while preaching, on 
Good Friday, April 9, 1772, and died in half an hour. He 
was buried exactly under the pulpit of the church in which he 
died. He was about sixty years old. The records of the 
Lunenburg church contain the following entry: "Edward, son 
to Paul Bryzelius and Sophia, his wife, born Aug. 18, 1803, 
was baptized by Rev. J. G. S.: Sponsors, Ed. Molk and Doro-
thea his wife." Paul was probably a son or grandson, and 
Dorothea a daughter, of the Reverend Bryzelius. 
This digression has carried us somewhat far afield, and I 
will now return to the more immediate history of Zion and 
Saint Paul. 
[To be Continued.] 
t_7» fc?» fc?» t ) * 
N E W BRUNSWICK F I R S T R E F O R M E D CHURCH 
BAPTISMS, 1717-1820 
/") LU [Continued from Page 83] 
June 17. Voorhees, Gerret and Nelley—Catrina 
Voorhees, Rolf and Lena—Lucas 
Wetzel, George and Eva—Cristina 
Witnesses: Hendrik Boof and wife Barbra 
July 15. Vredenburgh, Petrus and Elisabeth—Elisabeth 
July 29. Van Nortstrant, Wickhoff and Aeltie—Angenietie 
Nefis, Johans and Catrina—Matheus 
Fardon, Johans and Geertie—Beniemin. 
Aug. 26. Egbers, Isack and Catrina—Maria 
Lapardus, Cristiaen and Marta—Willem 
Witness: Lamatie Lapardus 
Van Zandt, Richardt and Sara—Susanna 
Hartwick, John and Dorete—Johannes 
Sept. 9. Wilmson, David and Neeltie—Willem 
Fisher, Johannes and Anatie—Samuel 
D. Campe, Gidion and Cristina—Hendrik 
Sept. 23. Van Lewe, Fredrick and Maria—Maria 
New Brunswick First Reformed Church Baptisms 225 
Oct. 7. Joens, John and Patience—Henry 
Gotier, Lucas Andrew and Elisabeth—Mary 
Witnesses: Jonathan Provost, Jr., and Jemimah 
Carmar 
Oct. 28. Baker, Daniel and Susannah—John 
Smith, John and Geertje—Jerimias 
Nov. 25. Loep, Peter and Febe—Anna 
Rapalie, Jeromes and Magadelina—Cornelus 
Nefis, Jacob and Egie—Johannes 
Clopper, Cornelus and Rachel—Peter (b. Nov. 20) 
Weever, Francis and Sussy—Nancy 
Nefis, Willim and Adriana—Adriaena 
Voorhees, Steve and Maragrita—Maria 
Smack, Jan and Saertie—Matheus 
Sperling, John and Catrina—Daniel 
Buys, Jacob and Janitie—Lometje 
Wyckoff, Simon and Aeltie—Geertie 
Sleght, Matues and Neeltie—Petrus 
Witnesses : Petrus Sleght and wife 
Buys, Leendert and Maria—Johannes 
Ouke, Abraham and Maria—Jacob 
Witnesses : Jacob Winaker and wife Maria 
June 9. D. Remer, Isack and Maria—Isack 
Witness: Geertie D. Remer 
Fisher, Johans and Maragrita—Elisabeth 
Van Zandt, Wynant and Rachel—Margrita 
Prabasco, Hendrik and Antie—Lamitie 
Outgelt, Johannes and Jacamintie—Fredrick 
Witness: Margrietie Outgelt 
June 23. Van Bueren, Abraham and Eva—Petrus 
Sleght, John and Engeltie—Elisabeth 
July 7. Boerom, Ari and Sary—Engeltie 
Auten, John and Maria—Thomas 
Smack, Seytie—Sara 
July 21. Pouwal, Peter and Marta—Maria 
Sept. 1. Masaroll, Isack and Catrina—Isack 
Hoff, Abraham and Neeltie—Denis 
Newmaster, Leendert and Maria—Leendert 
Shirter, Felix and Anne Mari—Johan Fredrik 
Witnesses: Fredrik Reemer and wife Catrina 
Crashon, Josua and Anatie—Ellenar 
Hartwyck, Mathis and Caty—Dirck 
Sept. 29. Van Harlingen, Ernestus and Maria—Catljna 
Witness: Elisabeth Ten Brook 
is 
Dec. 9-
1765-
Jan. 
Feb. 
Feb. 
Mar. 
Apr. 
Apr. 
Apr. 
May 
May 
i3-
10. 
24. 
7-
4-
14. 
28. 
19. 
27. 
226 Proceedings New Jersey Historical Society 
Oct. I I . Fardon, Jacobus and wife—Patience 
Voorhees, Jan and Lea—Abraham 
Oct. 26. Rew [Rue], Mathew and Maria—Catharina 
Nov. 17. Voorhees, Petrus and Geertruy—Abraham Schuy-
ler 
Witness: Abraham Schuyler 
Fardon, Johannes and Charity—Benjamin 
Dec. 1. Buys, John and wife—Joris 
Dec. 15. Lefavor, Metje—Catrina 
Dec. 25. Hyer, Jacob and Elizabeth—Willim 
Litson, Esther—John, Robert and Thomas 
Dec. 29. Laforge, Necolas and Sejtie—Jacob 
1766 
Jan. 5. Nefie, Johannes and Debra—Johannes 
Witness: Susana Nefies 
Jan 19. Bennet, Johans and Anatie—Johannes 
Feb. 2. Witlock, James and Janitye—Janitie 
Witnesses: John Masarol, Jr., and Lena V. 
Nortstrant 
Dawow, David and Sary—Willim 
Wilmson, Willem and Hanne—Hendrik ( or Hen-
neh) 
Feb. 16. Smack, Hendrik and Elisabeth—Maria 
Mar. 2. Waldron, Cornelus and Sara—Rinier 
Mar. 16. Voorhees, Jan and Maria—Abraham 
Coekrom, Doctor and wife—Geertruy 
Mar. 29. Hazert, Jacobus and Ann—Janitje 
Witness: Catlina Voorhees 
Funtine, Charl and Elisabeth—Geertje 
Apr. 13. V, Lewe, Hendrik and Maragrita—Fredrik 
Apr. 27. Bennet, Abraham and Janitje—Abraham 
Voorhees, John and Femitje—Aeltje 
Laan, Hendrik and wife—Lidia 
Apr. 19. Lapardus, Cristiaen and Marta—Cristiaen 
Habilandt, John and Maria—Aeltje 
Schuurman, Ferdenandus and Neeltje—Lena 
Teel, Cornelus and Lena—Barbra Margreta 
Witness: Barbra Boof 
June 13. Bickers, Henry and Fejtie—Feijtie 
June 15. Joens, John and Patience—Beniemin 
June 29. Egbers, Isack and Catrina—Jacobus 
Aug. 10. Cornel, Cornelus and Elisabeth—Pieter 
Outgelt, Fredrik and Maria—Fredrik 
Voorhees, Rolf and Lena—Abraham 
Aug. 24. Slover, Jack and Ellener—Johannes 
New Brunswick First Reformed Church Baptisms 227 
Sept. 8. Van Deventer, Barnt and Janetie—Joris 
Suydam, Jan and Onami—Antonette 
Witness: Antie Suydam 
Oct. 12. Lane, Ary and Leucrese—Hendrik 
Gotear, Lues Andrew and Elisabeth—Cristina and 
Maria 
Van Doom, Peter and Frencke—Rolf 
Vredenburgh, Peter and Elisabeth—Maragrita 
Oct. 26. Van Nortstrant, Adriaen and Lena—Jan 
Witnesses: Jan Masarol and Lena 
Witlock, John and Aeltie—Janitje 
Boorom, Ari and Saartie—Henne 
Voorhees, Johans and Catlina—Abigaeltie 
Mecertey, Nencey—Mergeret 
Witness: James Mecree 
Dec. 21. Buise, Fulkert and Handersche—Nailtie 
Witzell, George and Eva—Fraderick 
Witnesses: Fradk Remse (?) and wife Peggey 
Clopper, Cornales and Rachel—Nichlos 
1767 
Jan. 11. V. Duersen, Willem and Antje—Hendrik 
Witnesses: Hendrick V. Duersen and wife 
Adriaentje 
Jan. 25. Sleght, John and Engeltie—Johannes 
Sleght, Mathew and Neeltie—Hendrik 
Witnesses: Hendrik V. Duersen and Elisabeth 
Feb. 8. D. Remer, Isack and Maria—Maria 
Remmey, Fredrik and Barbara—Johan Hendrik 
Witnesses: Hen'rk Boof and wife Barbera 
Feb. 22. Rapelye, Joris and Steyntie—Femitie 
Mar. 22. Voorhees, Steven and Margritie—Petrus 
Thompson, Johannes and Janetie—Peter 
Witness: Antie Schuurman 
De Reamer, Dirck and Barbara—Geertie 
Apr. 5. Newmaster, Leendert and Maria—Maria 
Runnels, John and Cornelia—Elisabeth 
Witness: John V. Bueren 
May 3. Buys, Leendert and Maria—Maria 
Smack, Jan and Sara—Johannes 
May 24. Funtein, Charl and Elisabeth—Magdalena 
V. Noortstrant, Wyckhoff and Aeltje—Fulkert 
Witness: Fulkert V. Nostrant 
June 8. Fisher, Johannes and Maragreth—Jacobus 
228 Proceedings New Jersey Historical Society 
r ib* 
June 21. Gerrebrant, Peter and Nelley—Cornelus 
Funtein, Charl and Adriantje—Neeltie 
Witnesses: Jaquis Funtine and wife Nelley 
July 5. Outer, John and Maria—John 
Groningdyck, Samuel and wife—Petrus 
Aug. 2. Schuyler, Abraham and Altje—Aeltje 
Witnesses: Lucas Voorhees and wife Altje 
Aug. 16. Van Arsdale, Stoffel and Catrina—Catrina 
Marris, William and Antje—Catrina 
Witness: Catrina Nefius 
Aug. 30. Funteyn, John and Aeltje—Jan 
Van Nuis, Jacobus and Antje—Antje 
Sept. 13. Cochran, John and Geertruyd—John 
Witnesses: Walter Livingston and Geertruyd 
Beekman 
D. Remer, Jacob and Antonette—Abraham 
Ouke, Abraham and Maria—Willem 
Outgelt, Johans and Jacomejntie—Sara 
Van Harlingen, Ernestus and Maria—Edward 
Sept. 27. Nefies, Willem and Adriaentje—David 
Nov. 1. Suydam, Jacob and Antje—Jacob 
Nov. 15. Davoe, David and Sara—Fredrik 
Van Deventor, Jacobus and Elisabeth—Cornelus 
Fulkertson, Philp and Anne—Dirk 
Dec. 13. Gerritsen, Barnardus and Lea—Catrina 
Buys, Johannes and wife—Simeon 
Dec 25. Wilmsen, William and Hannah—Jane 
1768 
Feb. 14. Hassert, Jacob and Antje—Catlina 
Mar. 13. Neffius, Marten and Geertje—Suzanna 
De Camp, Lawrence and Janetye—Peter 
Mar. 27. Buys, Jacob and Janitje—Jacob 
Provoost, Peter Pra and Hannah Bucelew—Jo-
hannes 
Masaroll, Barnt, and Antje—Peter 
Nefius, Jacob and Egie—Maria 
Lavorge, Necolas and Seytie—Rachel 
Hoff, Abraham and Neltje—Bragon 
Havelandt, John and Maria—Catlina 
Outgelt, Frederick and Maria—Hendrick 
Probasco, Gerrit and Majeke—Corstophel 
Van Sicklen, Gisbert and Anatje—Anatje 
Stryker, Barnt and Elizabeth—Geertie 
Egbers, Isaac and Catrina—Janetie 
Apr. 
Apr. 
May 
May 
May 
May 
June 
4. 
i/~-
1. 
10. 
IS-
29. 
19-
Nezv Brunswick First Reformed Church Baptisms 229 
July 17. Nephis, Johannis and Debra—Abraham 
Funtein, Charl and Adriaentje—Nelley 
Aug. 14. Boerom, Aaron and Sara—Johannes 
Oct. 21. Voorheis, Ruluf and Lena—Cathrina 
Oct. 23. Provoost, Jonathan and Abigael—Jonathan 
Witnesses: Jonathan Provoost and wife 
Adriaentje 
Nov. 13. D. Remer, Dirck and Barbara—Abraham 
Nov. 27. Bennet, Abraham and Janetje—Peter Pra Masaroll 
Dec. 11. Lapardus, Cristiaen and Marta—Maria 
Dec. 27. Vredenburgh, Petrus and Elizabeth—Maragritta 
1769 
Jan. 22. Voorhees, John and Femitje—Catrina 
Schuurman, Ferdinan and Neeltie—Maragrita 
Bedoin, Nicolas and Dina—Jacob 
Fardon, Jacobus and wife—Altje 
Feb. 5. Suydam, Cornelus and Rachel—Johannes 
Feb. 19. Rapelje, Jeromes and Martellje—Dirck 
Witness: Antje Rapelie 
Mar. 5. Thomson, John and Janatje—Maragrita 
Witness: Maragrite Schuurman 
Mar. 19. Probasco, Rem and Maria—Jan 
Mar. 26. V. Duersen, Wm. and Antie—Antie 
Witness: Antie Schuurman 
Apr. 16. Buis, Leendert and Maria—Ida 
Apr. 30. Funtein, Charls and Elisabeth—Jaquis 
May 15. Hassert, Jacobus and Anne—Arent 
Witness: Maria Sullivan 
Vantine, Charles and Elizabeth—Maria 
Nymaster, Leendert and Maria—Johannes 
Cochran, John and wife—James 
May 28. V. Dorn, Abraham and Antie—Antie 
Van Nortstrant, Adriaen and Lena—Jacob 
Voorhees, Johannes and Catlina—Jeremias 
D. Remer, Isaac and Maria—Geertje 
Wyckhoff, Peter and Lena—Marte 
Aug. 6. Lane, Ari and Lucreci—Willem 
Aug. 20. Groningdyck, Samuel and Lena—Sara 
Sept. 3. Smack, Hendrick and Elizabeth—Lucas 
Sept. 17. Voorhees, Lucas and Rachel—Johannes 
Witnesses: Lucas Voorhees and wife Aeltje 
Nov. 5. Poulson, Pouel and Lena—Reinier 
Nov. 19. Laen, Hendrik and wife—Samuel 
Dec. 17. Voorhees, John and Janitje—Johannes 
Witnesses: Peter Voorhees and wife Geertruy 
Van Zant, Richard and Sara—Maria 
230 Proceedings New Jersey Historical Society 
1770 
Feb. 4. D. Campe, Gedion and Cristina—Lena 
Van Nortstrant, Wyckhof and Aeltie—Sara 
Mar. 5. Buys, Johannes and Sejtie—Evert 
Cornel, Cornells (?) and Elisabeth—Cornells 
Wilmsen, Willem and Hennah—Maria 
Rue, Mathew and Maria—Joseph 
Witness: Abram Schuyler 
' Funtine, Johannes and Aeltje—Antje 
Mar. 18. Dalay, Necolas and Caty—Johannes 
Apr. 1. Outgelt, Johannes and Jacomintje—Johannes 
June 3. Witzel, George and Eva—Jury 
June 17. Boerom, Ari and Sara—Isaac 
July 15. Probasco, Rem and Maria—Catrina 
Witness: Cornelus Wyckhoff 
D. Remer, Dirck and Ratje—Anatye 
Aug. 12. Voorhees, Jan and Maria—Maria 
Aug. 26. Thomson, Johannes and Janitie—Archibel 
Fisher, Jeremias and Catlitje—Jeremeas 
Sept. 16. Voorhees, Johannes and Catrina—Abraham 
Witness: Cattrina Neilson 
Ouke, Abraham and Maria—Eva 
Outgelt, Fredrick and Maria—Maragrita 
Nevius, Johannes and Debra—Maria 
Sept. 30. Van Sicklen, Gisbert and Anatje—Janetie 
French, John and Geredina—Antie 
Snaterly, John and Maria—Johannes 
Witness: Maria Newmaster 
Dec. 9. Lapardus, Cristiaen and Marta—Richard 
Nov. 11. Voorhees, Peter and Geertruy—Johannes 
Witness: Johannes Voorhees 
Dec. 23. Suydam, Cornelus and Rachel—Antje 
1771 
Mar. 24. Schuyler, Abraham and Aeltje—Christina 
Witness: Christina Voorhees 
Funtine, Charles and Elisabeth—George 
Folkertsen, Dirck and Maria—Dirck 
Mar. 26. Witlock, Jams and Janitje—Elisabeth 
Van Alen, Jacobus and Geertie—Catrintje 
Bedine, Necolass and Dina—Maritje 
Sperling, John and Elisabeth—Petrus 
Witlock, Frencis and Hannah—Jane 
July 14. Nephues, Albert and Neeltje—Janetje 
Outgelt, John and Jacamintje—Jemime 
Van Doom, Abraham and Antje—Abraham 
New Brunswick First Reformed Church Baptisms 231 
Aug. 11. Fisher, Johannes (son of Hendrik) and Mara-
grita—Hendrik 
Bennet, Aaron and Anatje—Aleda 
Deremer, Isaac and Maria—Johannes 
Voorhees, Rolf and Lena—Jaques 
Sept. 22. Remsy, Fredrick and Robaeka—Barbera 
Voorhees, Johannes and Jane—David 
Witness: Christina Voorhees 
Voorhees, Lucas and Rachel—Rachel 
Witnesses: Lucas Voorhees, John Van Bueren 
and wife Rachel 
Oct. 6. Buys, Leendert and Maria—Cathrina 
Nov. 3. Voorhees, John and Femetje—Johannes 
Hassert, Jacob and Antje—Lucas 
Witness: Catlina Voorhees 
Dec. 15. Van Wicklen, John and wife—Seitje 
1772 
Jan. 26. Schuurman, Ferdenandus and Neeltje—Janetje 
Van Noortstrant, Adriaen and Lena—Adriaen 
Feb. 23. Daley, Necolas and Cathlina—Peterus 
Mar. 8. Rapleyea, Joris and Styntie—Joris 
Witness: Jeromus Rapleya 
Mar. 22. Deriemer, Jacob and Antje—Geertie 
Witness: Geertje Deriemer 
Folkertsen, Dirck and Maria—Deneis 
Boorom, Cornelus and Neltje—Cornelus 
Smack, Hendrick and Elizabeth—Elizabeth 
Van Sicklen, Gissebert and Femmetje—Anatje 
Wetzel, George and Eva—Petrus 
Van Alen, Jacobus and Geertje—Egie 
Buys, Johannes and wife—Jacob 
Wilmson, William and Hannah—Mercy 
Fontine, Charel and Adriaentie—Jacobus 
Van der Bildt, Aares and Angenietje—Jacob 
Waldron, Johannes and Anne—Ida 
Rue, Mathew and Maria—Petrus 
Jan. 24. Van Sickelen, John and Maria—Elisabeth 
Selover, Daniel and Geertje—Elisabeth 
Funtein, Charl and Elisabeth—Elisabeth 
Fisher, Jerimiah and Catlina—Isaac 
D. Riemer, Abraham and Neeltje—Cathrina 
Feb. 21. Suydam, Cornelus and Rachel—Maria 
Outgelt, Fredrick and Maria—Johannes 
Apr. 
May 
June 
July 
Aug. 
Sept. 
Oct. 
Nov. 
1 2 . 
18. 
/• 
1 2 . 
9-
6. 
2 . 
8. 
1773 
Jan. 10 . 
232 Proceedings New Jersey Historical Society 
Mar. 7. D. Remer, Jacob and Catlina—Peter 
Neimastar, Leendert and Maria—Hendrik 
Mar. 21. Masaroll, Jacob and Cathlina—Lena 
Boorom, Necolas and wife—Neeltje 
May 2. Boorum, Adrian.and Sarah—Sarah 
May 23. Seydam, Jacob and Antie—Charles 
May 31. Cochrum, John and Geertruy—Walter Liveston 
Lapardus, Christiaen and Martha—Geertje 
Thomson, John and Janet je—J anatje 
June 13. Van Duersen, William and Anne—Staats 
Nevious, Johannes and Debera—Susanna 
June 11. Totten, Levy and Maria—Leffard 
Aug. 8. Stryker, Jacobus and Cathrina—Jacobus 
Aug. 22. Van Dorn, Abraham and Antje—Isaac 
Sept. 6. Van Sicklen, Gisebert, Jr., and Femetje—Maria 
Sept. 19. Schuyler, Abraham and Altie—Johanna 
Oct. 17. Provoost, David and Mary—Cathrin 
Oct. 31. Vredenburgh, Petrus, Jr., and Maragrita—Petrus 
Witnesses: Petrus, Sr., and Elisabeth Vreden-
burgh 
Nov. 28. Gulck, Hendrick and Catrina—Isaac 
Gerritson, Bernardus and Lea—Magdelena 
Witness: Magdelena Buys 
Dec. 2. Fulkertson, Dirck and Maria—Joris 
!774 
Jan. 1. Stor, Peter and Lamitje—Abraham 
Witness: Abraham Vrelandt 
D. Remer, Isaac and Maria—Jacob 
Feb. 6. Wyckhoff, Simon and Aeltje—Neeltje 
Feb. 20. Hassert, Jacob and Antje—Cathlina 
Mar. 20. Stryker, Brant and Elisabeth—Neeltje 
Van Wicklen, Johannes and wife—Symon 
Apr. 4. Seydam, Cornelius and Zitje—Charles 
May 1. Ouke, Abraham and Maria—Johannes 
Boorom, Cornelus and Nelley—Anne 
May 15. Deriemer, Dirck and Roetje—Isaac 
Witness: Geertie Deriemer 
Voorhees, Jacob and Salley—Jacob 
May 29. Van Lewe, Jaquis and Maria—Mareitie 
Swaterly, Johannes and Mary—Jacob 
Provoost, Samuel and Hannah—Annike 
Witnesses: John Van Norden and wife Erfie 
June 26. Voorhees, John and Jane—(No name) 
French, John and Geredina—William 
Van Sicklen, John and Maria—Gisebert 
Holfield, William and wife—William 
Importance of Historical Societies 233 
July 9. Van Alen, Jacobus and Gertie—Neiltie 
July 24. (Parents omitted)—Johannes 
Witnesses: Andrew Norwood and wife Johanna 
Buice, Leendert and Maria—Abraham 
Sept. 18. Van Nostrant, Adrian and Lena—Abraham 
Oct. 30. Stolts, Engel and Esene—Katrina 
Nov. 27. Waldrom, Johannes and Anne—Cornelus 
[To be Continued] -V 
t_T* t _ ? * t _ 5 * t _ 7 * 
IMPORTANCE O F H I S T O R I C A L SOCIETIES 1 
BY HON. CORNELIUS DOREMUS, RIDGEW00D, N. J . 
HISTORY IS OF two kinds—(a) Tradition; (b) Authentic rec-
ords. Tradition is of great value in preserving and transmit-
ting practices, rights, customs and events from ancestors to pos-
terity by oral communication, and thus, by legend and folk 
lore, enabling us in a more or less vague way to know some-
thing of the races which preceded us. This is, however, both 
unsatisfactory and unsafe. Authentic history, on the other 
hand, preserves to us the things really worth while and from 
which we can draw proper deductions so as to emulate the good 
and be inspired by the noble lives and acts of our ancestors. 
It is of the utmost value and yet very difficult to preserve. Hu-
manity has always been prone to live the brief span of life al-
lotted and make little attempt to preserve a record of its life 
for posterity. I suppose the cry "too busy"—often meaning 
too self-centered—has risen from the time of Adam just as 
easily and insistently as at the present day. However, I am 
glad to note that in every age there have been some, though 
very few in number, who have stopped long enough and been 
sufficiently imbued with respect for their lives and of those to 
follow to leave for us, in one form or another, imperishable 
records, from which we can trace the progress of man through-
out the ages. 
It is well to consider for a moment what history really is 
and its influence. The historian Rollin says: 
'Address before the Passaic County Historical Society, June 18, 1926. 
As Passaic county was part of Bergen until 1837, references to its early 
history necessarily takes in that of Bergen county.—EDITOR. 
